<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2022, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic id="InitialStart-UpProcedure-CAE73043"
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Initial Start-Up Procedure</title>
<body>
<p>The following steps should be performed:<ol>
<li><p>Confirm that the PDU’s main input circuit breaker is in the
OFF position. </p></li>
<li><p>Ensure that all of the PDU’s output circuit breakers are in
the OFF position. </p></li>
<li><p>Verify that the input voltage to the unit matches the input
voltage rating of the unit as identified on the PDU nameplate found
on the outside of the front door. </p></li>
<li><p>Ensure that the input voltage has proper phase rotation and
safe grounding practices.</p><note type="warning"><ul>
<li><p>Steps 1-4 must be executed before applying incoming power to
the PDU. </p></li>
<li><p>Energizing the PDU can create inrush. Verify that the upstream
UPS is in bypass mode or can handle inrush from the PDU.</p></li>
</ul></note></li>
<li><p>Apply power to the unit.</p></li>
<li><p>Measure for correct PDU input voltage, which should match the
unit’s rating within + 5% to -10% of nominal rating. </p></li>
<li><p>Check for correct phase rotation (clockwise) and voltage. </p
></li>
<li><p>Energize the PDU by setting the Main Input Circuit Breaker
to the ON position. <note>If the main breaker trips when energized,
it may indicate a fault in the unit. Contact Eaton Service at 1-800-843-9433
for diagnostic assistance. </note></p></li>
<li><p>Perform an EPO check: Depress the external EPO button and verify
that the Main Input Circuit Breaker shunt trips. </p></li><?Pub Caret -2?>
<li><p>Manually reset the Main Input Circuit Breaker to the ON position.
You may have to first manually trip the lever all the way to the OFF
position. </p></li>
<li><p>Verify that the output voltages are correct for the PDU. </p
></li>
<li><p>Sequentially turn ON the distribution circuit breakers. <note
>Equipment energized by the PDU may require special start-up procedures.
Consult the equipment manufacturer’s instructions for start-up procedures.</note
></p></li>
</ol></p>
</body>
</topic>
