<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2022, v.4002-->
<topic id="Introduction1124-AB57C6B2"
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Introduction </title>
<body>
<p>The PowerPak 2 Power Distribution Unit (PDU) is a 100-400 kVA PDU
with a small main cabinet footprint. The PowerPak 2 PDU is highly
customizable with numerous transformer sizes and options, electrical
configurations, panelboard and circuit breaker configurations, front-
and side-facing side cars, cabling options, and mounting options.
You should consult with your sales representative and with Eaton Engineering
to select a PDU package that meets your application needs. </p><?Pub
Caret 401?>
<p>The main cabinet is true front-access only for all routine maintenance.
PDU capacity can be extended with optional side-cars that are front-access
or front-and-side-access. </p>
<p>Side cars are always installed and configured at the factory. The
PDU is shipped as a fully integrated PDU. </p>
<p>PDU 100-400 kVA transformers are DOE2016-compliant with many options. </p>
<p>For safety, monitoring components have their own compartment, isolating
them from high-power input and high-power output components in the
main cabinet. </p>
<p>An optional patent-pending 3D scan window allows infrared scanning
of the transformer from the front of the PDU. </p>
<p>Eaton PDI’s Branch Circuit Monitoring System (BCMS) can be deployed
in the Main Cabinet and Side Cars with measurements and alarms displayed
on the 7"-diagonal WaveStar® Color Monitor touchscreen. Monitoring
data can also uploaded to customer Building Management Systems or
other Modbus master devices through several standard open protocols,
including Modbus RTU, Modbus TCP/IP, and SNMP or to webpages with
TCP/IP. A PDU dry contact network supplements BCMS. </p>
<p>The following installation planning information provides background
information on the many options and factors involved in selecting
a specific PowerPak 2 PDU configuration.</p>
</body>
<xi:include xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XInclude"
href="Using This Manual.dita"><xi:fallback><!--Fallback markup for "Using This Manual.dita"--></xi:fallback
></xi:include>
<xi:include xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XInclude"
href="Conventions Used in This Manual.dita"><xi:fallback><!--Fallback markup for "Conventions Used in This Manual.dita"--></xi:fallback
></xi:include>
<xi:include xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XInclude"
href="Symbols, Controls, and Indicators.dita"><xi:fallback><!--Fallback markup for "Symbols, Controls, and Indicators.dita"--></xi:fallback
></xi:include>
<xi:include xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XInclude"
href="Getting Help.dita"><xi:fallback><!--Fallback markup for "Getting Help.dita"--></xi:fallback
></xi:include>
<xi:include xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XInclude"
href="Warranty.dita"><xi:fallback><!--Fallback markup for "Warranty.dita"--></xi:fallback
></xi:include>
</topic>
