<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2017, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic id="PDUBoardAndContractorBoards-CADD7824"
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>PDU Board and Contractor Boards</title>
<body>
<p>The <b>PDU Board</b> (also called the M4G board) sets PDU parameters
and monitors the PDU’s transformer. <u>Internal</u> PDU signaling,
such as the four Digital Inputs, is terminated to the <u>PDU (M4G)
Board</u>. </p>
<p>Every PDU also has a <b>Contractor Board</b>, which is logically
part of the PDU Board, functioning as a terminal block to the PDU
Board. The PDU’s Contractor Board is directly connected by a ribbon
cable to the PDU Board. The customer has a choice of two (2) Contractor
Boards, which act as an extension of the PDU M4G Board for making
customer connections for remote control and monitoring:<ul>
<li><p>Basic Contractor Board </p></li>
<li><p>Enhanced Contractor Board, which can connect twice as many
output relays and building alarms</p></li>
</ul><u>External signaling</u>, such as the customer’s REPO signal,
is terminated to the Contractor Board:<ul>
<li><p>All dry contact signals for Remote Emergency Power Off (REPO),
building alarms, output relays, communication ports, and other control
wiring must be terminated onto a Contractor Board.</p></li>
<li><p>All interface wiring (for building alarms, AC alarms, halon
alarms, remote power off systems, etc.) should be run within the PDU
cabinet for termination on the Contractor Board. </p></li>
<li><p>All interface wiring and contacts are to be provided by others.</p
></li>
</ul></p>
<p>Setup of the PDU and Contractor Boards is performed during manufacturing.
These boards can be programmed through a USB programming link on the
front door of the Monitoring Compartment. The PDU board’s points list
values are also accessible through the customer’s BMS, but most points
cannot and should not be set by the customer, as incorrect settings
can cause PDU malfunctions. </p>
<p>Measurement values in the PDU Board’s points list can also be viewed
on the Color Monitor.</p>
</body>
<xi:include xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XInclude"
href="PDU M4G Board_0000076220.dita"><xi:fallback><!--Fallback markup for "PDU M4G Board_0000076220.dita"--></xi:fallback
></xi:include>
<xi:include xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XInclude"
href="Basic Contractor Board.dita"><xi:fallback><!--Fallback markup for "Basic Contractor Board.dita"--></xi:fallback
></xi:include>
<xi:include xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XInclude"
href="Enhanced Contractor Board.dita"><xi:fallback><!--Fallback markup for "Enhanced Contractor Board.dita"--></xi:fallback
></xi:include>
<xi:include xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XInclude"
href="PDU M4G Board Points.dita"><xi:fallback><!--Fallback markup for "PDU M4G Board Points.dita"--></xi:fallback
></xi:include>
</topic>
