<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2022, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Receiving and Unpacking the PDU</title>
<body>
<p>PowerPak 2 PDUs are shipped as fully assembled units with optional
side cars attached and internal cabling completed. Units are strapped
to shipping pallets, but not bolted to pallets, and are protected
by external covering.<ol>
<li><p>Upon receiving a PowerPak 2 PDU pallet and before removing
packaging, inspect packaging for visible damage that could affect
the PDU. If damage is evident notify Eaton and the shipping company
(see below). </p></li>
<li><p>Carefully remove the outer layer of protective shrink wrap
from the unit. Use care to notpuncture or scratch the Modular Compact
RPP cabinets with cutting tools. <note>Do not cut the retaining bands
until the PDU has been moved on its pallet close to its installation
location.</note></p></li>
<li><p>After removing external packing, check the unit’s exterior
panels and doors for any visible damage such as scratches dents, cracks.
If any damage is noted, please call the Eaton Service Team at 1-800-843-9433.</p
></li>
<li><p>If any damage is evident during unpacking, notify the shipping
company and Eaton:</p><ul>
<li><p>File a claim with the shipping company at the time of delivery.
Damage must be noted on the bill of lading. Failure to properly document
all damage may result in the unit’s warranty being voided.</p></li>
<li><p>Notify the Eaton Service Department.</p></li>
</ul></li>
</ol></p>
</body>
</topic>
