<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2022, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic id="topic-1-C3874836" xml:lang="en-EN"
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Eaton Service Contracts</title>
<body>
<p>Eaton Service contracts help to provide the added insurance that
the reliability of your critical power systems is intact. By following
our stringent maintenance procedures, Eaton’s factory trained Customer
Support Engineers provide the added assurance for the availability
of critical systems, thereby maximizing the company’s profitability.
See below for further details.</p>
</body>
<topic>
<title>The Service Promise</title>
<body>
<p>With factory-trained technicians in every major city in North America,
Eaton can respond rapidly and provide on-site assistance in emergency
down time situations. Eaton provides telephone support 24 hours a
day, 7 days a week with a direct line to Service (1-800-843-9433).</p>
</body>
</topic>
<topic>
<title>Preventive Maintenance</title>
<body>
<p>During a preventive maintenance visit, Eaton technicians inspect,
test, calibrate, update and clean components, as well as update software
as applicable. You’ll receive a report at the end of the visit detailing
the results of the inspection and specific recommendations for remedial
actions, proactive replacements, and upgrades. </p>
</body>
</topic>
<topic>
<title>Eaton Provides Flexibility and Commitment</title>
<body>
<ul>
<li><p>We understand that service plans are not “one size fits all.”
That’s why we offer a broad range of service options, designed to
meet the varied requirements and applications of businesses of all
shapes and sizes.  Eaton can modify your contract on variables such
as number of PM visits per year, scope of coverage, response time
and length of contract. </p></li>
<li><p>Eaton employs 250+ field technicians with an average tenure
of more than ten years.  Eaton CSEs are experts on Eaton products
and receive ongoing product training and certification.   Our technicians
have expertise in power, electrical engineering, software and connectivity,
batteries, UPSs and related products, and can deliver advanced troubleshooting
and a reduced mean time to repair.</p></li>
<li><p>When you rely on an Eaton service plan, rest assured that every
factory-trained field technician stocks a solid inventory of parts
to remedy emergencies.</p></li>
</ul>
</body>
</topic>
<topic>
<title>Time and Materials</title>
<body>
<p>In most cases the customer will be covered by startup service or
Maintenance Contracts, however, there may be times when the customer
needs Eaton service and lacks the benefits that these two packages
provide. Therefore, Eaton provides Time and Material coverage for
those in need of our customer support engineers.</p>
</body>
</topic><?Pub Caret -1?>
</topic>
