<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2017, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Warranty</title>
<body>
<p>PDI’s Standard Warranty PDI’s standard warranty covers the PDU
for 18 months following shipment or 12 months after initial system
start up, whichever comes first. After the end of the warranty period,
service requests are handled on a time and material basis unless a
preventative maintenance contract is in effect. </p>
<p><ul>
<li><p>U.S. – Full Coverage of Parts and Labor  </p></li>
<li><p>International – Parts Only Coverage Standard Extended Warranty </p
></li>
</ul></p>
<p>Please contact a PDI service representative for detailed information
about extended warranties. </p>
<p>Tel: (800) 225-4838 | Email: service@pdicorp.com </p>
<p><b>Warranty Agreement </b></p>
<p>PDI warrants that its products will perform as specified in PDI
publications, providing such products are properly installed, cared
for, and properly operated under the specified environmental conditions. </p>
<p>Standard products manufactured by PDI are warranted to be free
from defects in workmanship and material for a period of <b>twelve
(12) months from initial startup or eighteen (18) months from date
of shipment, whichever comes first</b>. Any products which are defective
in workmanship or material will be repaired or replaced at the option
of PDI. The obligation of PDI hereunder shall be limited solely to
repair and replacement at its factory of products that fall within
the foregoing limitations and shall be conditioned upon receipt by
PDI of written notice within the warranty period of any alleged defects
or deficiency. No products shall be returned to PDI without its prior
consent. </p><?Pub Caret 230?>
<p>Where it is impractical to return suspected faulty equipment to
PDI for repair or replacement, PDI will provide on-site service upon
request. Replacement parts and on-site labor necessary for fitting
replacement parts and removal of faulty parts will be undertaken at
no charge. Charges will, however, be made for travel to and from the
installation site. Where an on-site warranty is in effect, the no-charge
labor shall be between 8 a.m. and 6 p.m., Monday through Friday, excluding
holidays. If the customer requests service outside the above hours,
the customer agrees to pay the incremental difference between PDI's
overtime and normal labor rates. </p>
<p>All warranties hereunder are contingent upon the initial start-up
being done by PDI trained or other authorized personnel and upon proper
use in the application for which the product was intended and do not
cover products which have been modified or repaired without PDI approval
or which have been subjected to neglect, accident, improper installation
or application or on which the original identification marks have
been removed or altered. These warranties will not apply if adjustment,
repair or parts replacement is required because of accident, neglect,
misuse, secondary transportation or other causes other than ordinary
use. </p>
<p>PDI's liability under this warranty shall be in lieu of any warranty
or condition implied by law as the quality or fitness for any particular
use of the goods, and save as provided in this clause, PDI shall not
be under any liability, whether in contract, tort or otherwise for
consequential damages resulting from defects in PDI products. </p>
<p>This warranty shall apply to all products manufactured by PDI unless
this agreement is modified by addendum. </p>
<p>For questions, please contact the PDI service department at (800)
225-4838 or email us at service@pdicorp.com.</p>
</body>
</topic>
