<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2017, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic id="AutomaticShutdownSignals-CDD3253A"
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>7.3 Automatic Shutdown Signals</title>
<body>
<p>The PDU can be shut down by the PDU M4G Board with a signal to
trip the Main Input Circuit Breaker. The trip signal is sent using
either the 170VDC or 24VDC output connections. </p>
<p>The PDU board will shunt-trip the main breaker if it receives any
of the following signals (refer to <xref format="dita"
href="Monitoring Components  1125.dita#PDUM4GBoard-CC450A09/Figure27PDUM4GBoard-CC450A13"
scope="local" type="fig"><?Pub _previewtext
text="Figure 27 PDU (M4G) Board"?></xref> for connections): <ul>
<li><p>Local EPO signal to the PDU board from the front panel EPO
button. </p></li>
<li><p>Remote EPO (REPO) signal from the Contractor Board to the PDU
Board. The customer REPO signal is terminated at the Contractor Board. </p
></li>
<li><p>Thermal wires registering a temperature in the PDU transformer
core that exceeds the transformer temperature limit specified. </p
></li>
<li><p>Optional shutdown signals: the customer can elect to shut down
the PDU on the following conditions. These optional shutdown conditions
are programmed into the PDU M4G Board in manufacturing and should
be selected at time of order: <ul>
<li><p>Output over-voltage or under-voltage on pre-programmed limits. </p
></li>
<li><p>Improper phase rotation. </p></li>
<li><p>Ground fault interrupt: ground fault current rises above programmed
levels. </p></li>
<li><p>Building alarm. A 10-second time delay for shutting down the
PDU can also be set.</p></li>
</ul></p></li>
</ul></p>
</body>
</topic>
