<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2017, v.4002-->
<topic id="Bibliography1125-CDD3E145"
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Bibliography</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<body>
<p></p>
<section><title>Points Lists</title><p>Points lists for PDUs can be
downloaded from the PDI website. Go to <b>Service Software Downloads</b
>:</p><p><xref format="html"
href="https://www.pdicorp.com/services/service-software-downloads"
scope="external">https://www.pdicorp.com/services/service-software-downloads</xref
></p><p>For the <b>PDU M4G Board </b>points list, download<b> Wavestar<?Pub
_font TypeSize=".69em" Offset=".33em"?>®<?Pub /_font?> PDU Customer
CD</b>, a zip file. Unzip the file and open the directory <b>\Wavestar
PDU Customer CD</b> to find the following points lists and use the
latest revision given:</p><p><b>PDU M4G</b> Board points list is “M4G
acquisition points list”.</p><p>For BCMS points lists, download <b
>BCMS II Customer CD Info</b>, a zip file. Unzip the file and open
the directory <b>\Points List for BCMS Version</b> to find the following
points lists and use the latest revision given:</p></section>
<section><p>Points lists for PDUs can be downloaded from the PDI website.
Go to <b>Service Software Downloads</b>:<ul>
<li><p><b>BCMS ESF</b> (Enhanced Subfeeds) points list is “BCMS Points
List Fourteen Sub”. </p></li>
<li><p><b>BCMS Normal </b>panelboard points list is “BCMSII points
list”. </p></li>
<li><p><b>BCMS KWH</b> panelboard points list is “BCMSII plus points
list Power KWH”. </p></li>
<li><p><b>BCMS IEC </b>panelboard points list (for IEC format panelboards
with 36 or 72 1P circuits) is “72 BCMSII plus points list Europe KWH”.</p
></li>
</ul></p></section>
<section><title>Manuals and Other Documentation for PDI Products</title
><p>Installation and Operation manuals and other documentation for
specific products can be downloaded from the product pages on the
PDI website. Go to <b>Products</b> and select the appropriate Product
Page:</p><p><xref format="html" href="https://www.pdicorp.com/products"
scope="external">https://www.pdicorp.com/products</xref></p><p>For
example, documentation for the PDI PowerHub 2 PDU can be downloaded
from its product page: </p><p><xref format="html"
href="https://www.pdicorp.com/products/distribute/powerhub-2-pdu"
scope="external">https://www.pdicorp.com/products/distribute/powerhub-2-pdu</xref
></p><p>Select the <b>Downloads</b> tab, then the select the document
you wish to download.</p></section>
</body>
</topic>
