<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2017, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic id="ModbusAddressing-CC48CDB2"
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Modbus Addressing</title>
<body>
<p>Refer to <xref format="dita"
href="#ColorMonitorNetworkConnections-CC48CDB4/Figure33InternalPDUNetworkModbusAdd-CC4D2EAB"
scope="local" type="fig"><?Pub _previewtext
text="Figure 33 Internal PDU Network, Modbus Addressing, Example"
?></xref>, with the following bullet points: <ul>
<li><p>The internal PDU network uses Modbus RTU protocol to connect
the PDU board and BCMS PCBs to the Color Monitor. </p></li>
<li><p>The Color Monitor is the <b>Modbus master</b> to its downstream
devices. The upstream Modbus master (such as the BMS) cannot directly
address these devices, but rather addresses them through the Monitor.
Upstream and downstream from the Monitor are separate Modbus segments. </p
></li>
<li><p>The Monitor’s upstream address can be set to from 1 to 247,
but you must leave enough addressing capacity for downstream devices.
The monitor will not respond to a command sent to address 0. The address
is set during Monitor Setup. </p></li>
<li><p>The Monitor’s downstream devices must be assigned consecutive
addresses starting at address1 for the PDU Board. Modbus addresses
must be assigned in BCMS setup and will be done initially at the factory.
Modbus addresses cannot be assigned by, for example, the BMS. </p
></li>
<li><p>For upstream addressing these device addresses are remapped
as successor addresses to the Monitor. (This is often confusing, but
it is important to understand.) If the Monitor has upstream address
30, the downstream addresses 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 are remapped to 31,
32, 33, 34, 35, 36,37 as seen from the BMS or other Modbus Master. </p
></li>
<li><p>Modbus addressing is the same for Modbus RTU and Modbus TCP/IP.</p
></li>
</ul></p>
</body>
</topic>
