<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2022, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic id="ReceivingAndUnpackingThePDU-C3A12E78"
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Receiving and Unpacking the PDU</title>
<body>
<p>PowerPak PDUs are shipped as fully assembled units with optional
side cars attached and internal cabling completed. <u>Units are strapped
to shipping pallets, but not bolted to pallets</u>, and are protected
by two layers of external plastic covering. The PDU is first covered
by a large plastic bag and then shrink-wrapped.<ol>
<li><p>Upon receiving a PowerPak PDU pallet and before removing packaging,
inspect the packaging for visible damage that could affect the PDU.
If damage is evident notify Eaton and the shipping company (see below). </p
></li>
<li><p>Carefully remove the outer layer of protective shrink wrap
from the unit, but leave the interior plastic covering intact. Use
care to not puncture or scratch the PDU cabinets with cutting tools. <note
>Do not cut the retaining bands until the PDU has been moved on its
pallet close to its installation location.</note></p></li>
<li><p>After removing the outer external packaging, check the unit’s
exterior panels and doors for any visible damage such as scratches
dents, cracks. If any damage is noted, please call Eaton Service (1-800-843-9433).</p
></li><?Pub Caret 109?>
<li><p>If any damage is evident during unpacking, notify the shipping
company and Eaton:</p><ul>
<li><p>File a claim with the <u>shipping company </u>at the time of
delivery. Damage must be noted on the bill of lading. Failure to properly
document all damage may result in the unit’s warranty being voided. </p
></li>
<li><p>Notify the Eaton Service Department.</p></li>
</ul></li>
</ol></p>
</body>
</topic>
