<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2017, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic id="TransferProcedureExternalPermissive-CC5DB0C2"
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Transfer Procedure: External Permissive Signal Only</title>
<body>
<p>If an external permissive signal is to release the SKRU key, power
source synchronization must be independently verified. The PDU does
not check sources for synchronization through the SYNC screen; however,
the operator must still touch the <b>SYNC </b>screen button to release
the SKRU key. </p>
<p>Assuming the active source = Source 1, follow these steps:</p>
<ol>
<li><p>An external permissive signal must be issued to enable the
SKRU key release. </p></li>
<li><p>The operator should:<ol>
<li><p>bring up the Color Monitor <b>SYNC</b> screen, </p></li>
<li><p>touch <b>KEY RELEASE</b> on the Color Monitor SYNC screen to
release the SKRU key, and </p></li>
<li><p>turn the SKRU key and remove it.</p></li>
</ol></p></li>
<li><p>The operator should then <ol>
<li><p>insert the key in the lock for the main breaker of the inactive
power source (Source 2), </p></li>
<li><p>turn the key, and </p></li>
<li><p>close the breaker. <note>At this point, both synchronized voltage
sources are feeding the PDU. </note></p></li>
</ol></p></li>
<li><p>Open the circuit breaker on Source 1. <ol>
<li><p>Open the circuit breaker for the previously active power source
that you are turning off. </p></li>
<li><p>Turn the key to lock the breaker.</p></li>
</ol></p></li>
<li><p>Remove the key from the Source 1 circuit breaker, insert it
into the SKRU lock, and turn the key.</p></li>
</ol>
<p>At this point only Source 2 is feeding the PDU, and Kirk Key locks
prevent any inadvertent change of sources.</p>
</body>
</topic>
