<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2017, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic id="ReceivingAndUnpackingTheReactor-9D0DE11F"
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Receiving and Unpacking the Reactor</title>
<body>
<p>The Aggregator Reactor and its side car are shipped separately.
Each unit is bolted to its shipping pallet and protected by two layers
of external plastic covering. Units are first covered by a large plastic
bag and then shrink-wrapped. Finally, each unit is secured to its
pallet with metal retaining bands. </p>
<p>For moving the Aggregator Reactor or side car on its pallet, Eaton
recommends that you leave the retaining bands intact until you have
moved the unit to a convenient location for removing it from its pallet.</p>
<p><b>Inspect the shipped unit twice, upon receipt and after removing
packaging materials. </b><ol>
<li><p>Upon receiving a reactor or side car pallet and before removing
packaging, inspect the packaging for visible damage. If damage is
evident, notify the shipping company and Eaton (see below for Eaton
contact information). </p><p>File any damage claims with the shipping
company at time of delivery. Damage must be noted on the bill of lading.
Failure to properly document all damage may result in the unit’s warranty
being voided. </p></li>
<li><p>Carefully cut the retaining bands, making sure that they do
not scrape the exterior of the unit or scratch the paint.</p><note
type="caution"><ul>
<li><p>Metal retaining bands are under tension. Exercise caution when
cutting them. </p></li>
<li><p>Wear protective clothing including eye, face, and hand protection
when cutting retaining bands!</p></li>
</ul></note></li>
<li><p>Carefully remove the outer layer of protective shrink wrap
from the unit and the interior plastic covering bag. Use care to not
puncture or scratch the reactor or side car with cutting tools. </p
></li>
<li><p>After removing the outer external packaging, inspect the unit’s
exterior panels and doors for any visible damage such as scratches,
dents, or cracks. If you discover any damage, notify the shipping
company and Eaton Service.</p><p>Eaton Service phone number: 1-800-225-4838,
select option 3.</p></li>
</ol></p>
</body>
</topic>
