<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2022, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic id="AppendixFVSSLowCurrentInrush-D62F788B"
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Appendix F – VSS (Low Current INRUSH)</title>
<body>
<p>Eaton PDI WaveStar STS or STS/PDU System </p>
<p>Low Inrush Transfer Utilizing the Eaton PDI Volt Second Synchronization
(VSS) Method</p>
<ol>
<li><p><b>Introduction</b></p><p>One of the limiting factors in applying
STS or STS/PDU Systems (STS) in mission critical facilities has been
the inability of the electrical infrastructures to withstand the transformer
inrush when switching occurs on the primary (or 480 volt) side of
the transformer. Inrush currents can reach as high as 10-12 times
the transformer rating causing breakers and molded case switches in
the STS (or devices upstream) to trip creating an outage in the facility. </p
><p>Eaton  has a solution to this dilemma through our patented Volt
Second Synchronization (VSS) transfer algorithm that controls magnetic
inrush current in transformer loads and limits it to 1.5 times the
rated current. The transfer outage time and the waveform distortions
during transfers have an affect on non-linear loads that are connected
to the secondary side of the transformer. Short transfer outage times
and waveform peak conservation algorithms is necessary for any STSs
that feed non-linear loads. </p><p>Typically non-linear loads, servers
and other computers use Switch Mode Power Supplies (SMPS) which generate
non-linear load currents. The SMPS receives AC power from the transformer
and generates DC power for the internal logic. SMPS only draw power
from the peaks of the input power waveforms; RMS values are associated
with linear loads and evaluations based on linear RMS loads will not
provide accurate data for evaluation of SMPS applications. </p><p
>To conserve all voltage waveform peaks, the transfer outage time
of each phase must be short enough to assure that no peaks are lost.
Since SMPS generally use single phase power, each individual phase
must maintain power at the waveform peaks. </p><p>There are four methods
of achieving low transformer saturation (inrush) currents when the
transformer is connected to the load bus of an STS. These methods
are as follows: </p><p>Phase Delay Method (referred to as phase displacement
method) </p><p>Volt Second Balance Method </p><p>Volt Second Wave
Shaping Method (with RMS conservation) </p><p>Eaton PDI Volt Second
Synchronization (VSS) Method (with Peak conservation)</p></li>
<li><p><b>Phase Delay Method</b></p><p>This method measures the half
cycle phase delay from the time of the disconnection of one source
to the reconnection of the other source with approximately the same
half cycle delay; this will maintain volt second continuity. </p><p
>When transferring from one source to the other when the connecting
source lags the disconnecting source there is a direct relationship
between the size of the phase shift and the length of the outage.</p
><p>If the source phase shifts are small, the transfer outage is of
short duration.</p><p>If the source phase shifts are large, the transfer
outage is of long duration.</p><p>The transfer outage time of at least
one phase can exceed 15 Ms, depending on the source phase shift and
detect time. When the connecting source leads the disconnecting source
the transfer outage is large at small phase angles. </p><p>This method
is simple to implement but does not support SMPS very well.</p></li>
<li><p><b>Volt Seconds Balancing Method </b></p><p>This method determines
the volt seconds applied to the magnetic load by the disconnecting
source, and determines the volt seconds that will be supplied by the
connecting source. The volt seconds applied to the magnetic load cannot
exceed the maximum rated volt seconds.</p><p>This basic algorithm
must be optimized to obtain the desired waveform during the transfer
outage. </p><p>The Volt Second Wave Shaping Method (with RMS conservation)
and Eaton PDI Volt Second Synchronization (VSS) Method (with Peak
conservation), described below, are two separate and distinct solutions
to optimize the limitations of the Volt Second Balancing Method. </p
><p>Volt Second Wave Shaping Method (with RMS conservation) </p><p
>This method insures that the maximum volt seconds rating of the transformer
is not exceeded when the STS transfer between out of phase sources.
The voltage waveform is shaped during the transfer transition time
to maximize the RMS voltage when transferring. Since RMS voltage is
meaningful for linear load and not non-linear loads, this is not the
best algorithm for single phase non-linear loads but does not provide
the best transfer algorithm for SMPS. </p><p>Eaton PDI Volt Second
Synchronization (VSS) Method (with Peak conservation) </p><p>This
transfer algorithm, VSS with peak conservation, reduces magnetic load
current inrush and maintains voltage peaks for the optimum operation
of SMPS. The voltage waveform is shaped during the transfer transition
time to maximize the peak power of the voltage waveform when transferring.
This is the best algorithm for single phase non-linear loads and also
maintains RMS voltage for linear loads.</p></li>
<li><p><b>Conclusion </b></p><p>Eaton has evaluated algorithms for
all the above methods of reducing transformer current in-rush for
initial start-up, restart-up and for transfer and has standardized
on the VSS with peak conservation algorithm for the WaveStar STS systems.</p
><p>Figures 1 and 2 depict transfers at 15 degrees (both lagging and
leading respectively) without the VSS feature. Figure 3 and 4 are
examples of the same STS and transformer system with the VSS method.
Figures 5, 6, 7 and 8 depict the same transfers performed 45 degrees
out of phase. </p><p>In each case the transfers were performed under
no load conditions; no load conditions always result in higher inrush
currents.</p><p>The waveforms indicate there is no loss in the applied
voltage peaks; this will allow maximum power to be supplied to load
SMPS. </p><p>When evaluating low inrush algorithms, the peak current
during transfer is the most critical measure of performance. The Eaton
PDI VSS method provides the best option to manage the transfer with
less impact on the SMPS and other electrical equipment. </p></li>
</ol>
</body>
</topic>
