<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2022, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic id="AppendixCInstallationInstructionsSt-D62F72B2"
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Appendix C – Installation Instructions – Stand Alone STS</title>
<body>
<p>The WaveStar STS must be commissioned and acceptance tested by
Eaton certified technician(s). The sequence of commissioning is <ul>
<li><p>Before applying power to the STS, open all MCSW or MCCBs in
the STS:</p></li>
<li><p>Verify the incoming power matches the unit rating. </p></li>
<li><p>Verify the upstream protective devices are rated equal to or
less than the rating of the STS. </p></li>
<li><p>Verify the instantaneous trip settings on the upstream circuit
breakers are set at maximum. </p></li>
<li><p>Apply power to the STS with all internal MCSWs or MCCBs open </p
></li>
<li><p>Verify input phasing between sources is correct </p></li>
<li><p>Close source 1, S1, bypass MCSW or MCCB and verify output voltage
is present. </p></li>
<li><p>Open S1 bypass MCSW or MCCB and close source 2, S2, bypass
MCSW or MCCB and verify output voltage is present.</p></li>
</ul></p><?Pub Caret 63?>
<ol>
<li><p><b>Site Test and Initial Power UP (Phasing)</b>:<ul>
<li><p>All the work performed in this section must be performed or
witnessed by a Eaton Service Representative. </p></li>
<li><p>Before applying utility input power to the unit, the installing
electrician and the Eaton service representative should be present
to verify that the following initial conditions are met: <ul>
<li><p>Inspect the power input and output bus connections and the
building electrical service. </p></li>
<li><p>Sizing of the building electrical service and voltage must
match the WaveStar Bill of Materials (see <xref format="dita"
href="System Unpack and Inspection 1128.dita#SystemUnpackAndInspection1128-C428065B"
scope="local" type="topic"><?Pub _previewtext
text="System Unpack and Inspection"?></xref>). </p></li>
<li><p>Connection to the grounding electrode conductor. </p></li>
<li><p>Check the building electrical service for correct voltage and
over current protection. </p></li>
<li><p>Place all unit circuit breakers is in the OPEN OR "OFF" position.</p
></li>
</ul></p></li>
<li><p> Once all of the above conditions are met, incoming power should
be applied by energizing the building power circuit breaker supplying
the Automatic Transfer Device or Static Automatic Transfer Switch. </p
><p>The following measurements should now be performed:</p></li>
<li><p>Measure the incoming voltage at the input to the unit. This
should match the units rating (+5% to -10% from nominal rating). </p
></li>
<li><p>Check the phase rotation, (clockwise), and voltage at the source
# 1 Power Input bus.</p></li>
</ul></p></li>
<li><p><b>Phasing Verification</b>: <ul>
<li><p>With all Circuit Breaker's open, verify there is zero volts
between the phase "a" poles on the line side of all input Circuit
Breakers. </p></li>
<li><p>With all Circuit Breaker's open, verify there is zero volts
between the phase "b" poles on the line side of all input Circuit
Breaker's. </p></li>
<li><p>With all Circuit Breaker's open, verify there is zero volts
between the phase "c" poles on the line side of all input Circuit
Breakers. </p></li>
<li><p>With all Circuit Breaker's open, verify there is zero volts
between the phase "a" poles on the line side of all bypass Circuit
Breakers. </p></li>
<li><p>With all Circuit Breaker's open, verify there is zero volts
between the phase "b" poles on the line side of all bypass Circuit
Breakers. </p></li>
<li><p>With all Circuit Breaker's open, verify there is zero volts
between the phase "c" poles on the line side of all bypass Circuit
Breakers.</p></li>
</ul></p></li>
<li><p><b>Acceptance Testing</b> </p><p>Performance Test the STS or
STS/PDU System at Least 80% Load. </p><p>Complete the Site Acceptance
Test as Indicated in the "Site Acceptance Report". This test will
be performed by the Eaton service Technician. The technician will
ask the Customer Representative to sign the completed acceptance test
report/Work Order, at which point the warranty period will begin.</p
></li>
</ol>
</body>
</topic>
