<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2022, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Control Interface</title>
<body>
<ol>
<li><p>All control cabling to and from the WaveStar should be rated
for 10 amperes and the insulation should be rated for 600 volts AC,
unless otherwise specified on the drawings. </p></li>
<li><p>All monitored parameters and alarms are available via ModBus
RTU protocol or optional SNMP. Connection to the unit is through a
RS422/485 communications port using; see section XII for details on
connecting to the ModBus interface on the contractor board. </p></li>
<li><p>Remote Source Select Option - Two external 120 VAC signals
or the closure of two dry contacts can be used to control the remote
selection of the preferred source. These signals or closures are generally
used when two UPSs supply power to the system. If the preferred UPS
goes to bypass mode, the “good” UPS should become preferred. Signal
#1 (120 VAC) or closure will make PDU 1 preferred. Signal # 2 (120
VAC) or closure will make PDU 2 preferred. If both signals and closures
are low (zero volts or open contacts) the preferred source control
is returned to the system operator control panel. Any remote control
signal or closure defaults the unit into an auto-retransfer "Yes"
mode to ensure system redundancy. Normally the signals or closures
are controlled by auxiliary contacts in the UPS bypass CB’s. If both
are signals or closures, the first input to the STS unit is recognized.
If this option is purchased with the unit, the factory must be notified
as to whether the remote control signal will be the application 120
VAC or a dry-contact closure. Contact your Eaton sales representative
for additional information on this option.</p></li>
</ol>
</body>
</topic>
