<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2017, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic id="ElectricalConnection-D9CD3EBB"
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Electrical Connection</title>
<body>
<note type="warning">Verify that all input power and control circuits
are de-energized and locked out before making connections inside the
unit. All power and control wiring should be installed by a qualified
electrician.</note>
<ol>
<li><p><b>Power and Control Wiring:</b></p><p>All power wiring and
control wiring must comply with NEC and applicable local codes. Unless
otherwise noted, please refer to your operator’s manual for torque
values. The two input feeds for the STS or STS/PDU System should be
from two independent sources to avoid a common source failure. To
ensure proper operation the two input sources should be at the same
nominal voltage and phase rotation and synchronized within 15 degrees. </p
><p>The input and output power wire size should be based on the upstream
over current protection device, observing the NEC and local codes.
The molded case switches typically contained in the stand-alone STS
are non-automatic circuit breakers and rely on the upstream and/or
load overcurrent protection. Upstream AC over current protection must
be provided and should be rated equal to or less than the rating of
the stand-alone STS molded case switches.</p><p> Control wire connections
are only required for some options or in the case of a Secondary or
Primary STS/PDU system. All systems will have numbered Connectors
for interconnection and will be outlined in the “interconnection diagram”
discussed earlier.</p></li>
<li><p><b>System Grounding:</b></p><p>Grounding is primarily for equipment
and personnel safety, although proper grounding alsoenhances equipment
performance. All input and output power feeds must include an equipmentgrounding
means as required by the NEC and local codes.</p><p>If a 4-wire-plug-ground
input feed is utilized, then the input power sources must be properly
grounded. The neutral is not switched in the STS or STS/PDU System;
therefore the two power sources must be solidly interconnected as
outlined in the leveling system of these instructions. NEC prohibits
grounding a power source at more than one point. In Secondary systems
the Neutral will be bonded as outlined in the “interconnection diagram”.
A single Neutral to ground bond is also made.</p></li>
<li><p><b>High Frequency (RF) Grounding (Computer Rooms)</b></p><p
>In addition to the power grounding system, a reference grounding
system for high frequency noise is desirable (with the two systems
being bonded together for the same reference potential). A grid made
up of 2-foot squares will provide an effective signal reference grounding
system. The raised floor can be utilized if it has solidly connected
metal stringers ensuring good electrical connection. If this type
of floor is not available, a grid can be fabricated by laying a mesh
(2-foot squares) of braided copper strap directly on the concrete
sub floor (electrically connected at each intersection point). The
frames of all the data processing equipment, including the WaveStar,
should be connected (by the shortest possible distance) to the reference
grid with braided copper strap. Finally, the signal reference grid
should be bonded to the WaveStar for a single point equi-potent ground
reference.</p><p>For optimum performance all distances for power and
high frequency grounding should be kept to an absolute minimum. To
summarize, a radial grounding system of this type (utilizing a single
ground point) will insure that your facility is electrically safe,
complies with all code requirements, and will be essentially free
of ground caused computer noise and problems.</p></li>
</ol>
</body>
</topic>
