<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2022, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Features/Options</title>
<body>
<p>The WaveStar Static Transfer Switch (STS) and the WaveStar STS/PDU
system have the following relevant features:<ol>
<li><p>Two transfer algorithms: <ol>
<li><p>POG: 4 Ms or less transfer time for outages; 2ms for manual
transfers </p></li>
<li><p>VSS: The Volt Second Synchronizing algorithm reduces the inrush
of magnetic load; the transfer time can range from 4ms to 8 Ms depending
on the phase shift between the sources. </p></li>
</ol></p></li>
<li><p>Security: <ul>
<li><p>To reduce the possibility of issues with STS operation that
may be factored to human input, there are several security options
designed into the unit to protect the system. </p></li>
<li><p>No operations through the touch screen monitor can be completed
without a valid login. A Password (PW) and PIN# are required by the
operator in order to login. The PIN # identifies the operator and
records their activities during the login period in the event log.
There is also an optional fingerprint and/or swipe card device that
can be installed for the auto entry of Password and the PIN #. Contact
Eaton Customer Support for information regarding these options. </p
><p>If the front door is opened without a valid login, the unit alarms
and the alarm is logged into the event log. All operation of the internal
MCSW/MCCBs is tied in the event log to the operator’s Login identification.</p
></li>
</ul></p></li>
<li><p>Maintainability: <ul>
<li><p>Hot swap ability - all logic Printed Circuit Boards (PCBs)
can be hot swapped, without loss of basic function and without placing
the STS unit in bypass. Molded Case Switches (MCSW)/Molded Case Circuit
Breakers (MCCB) can be replaced as long as they are not conducting
at the time (They are on the opposite source of the one that the unit
is selected to). However, it should be noted that once a MCSW is removed,
the unit cannot transfer. This will allow for component replacement
on the non-conducting side of the STS unit and it does not require
side or rear access. <note>Maintenance on the units should only be
performed by a qualified technician. </note></p></li>
<li><p>All connections can be IR scanned without access to the rear.</p
></li>
</ul></p></li>
<li><p> Reliability <ul>
<li><p>There is a redundant operator interface (ROI) using LED’s and
toggle switches in the event the graphic display/touch screen is not
operable </p></li>
<li><p>The STS unit is very reliable through the use of dynamic redundancy
of Tri-Redundant logic; Tri-Redundant power supplies; quad-redundant
gate drivers and N+3 redundant fans on units including fans. </p></li>
</ul></p></li>
<li><p>Communication and Down Load capabilities: <ul>
<li><p>Alarm and status data as well as waveform data can be transmitted
to remote locations via Modbus RTU, WEB and E-mail as standard. Data
can also be transferred via any of the following protocols as options:
ModBus TCP/IP, SNMP, land line Modem or cell Modem. </p></li>
<li><p>This information can also be down loaded locally via, PC using
USB port or Optional memory stick or using a PDA using IR. Contact
the Eaton Factory or your local Sales representative regarding this
option. </p></li>
</ul></p></li>
<li><p>Human Engineering: To help assist the Human operators, the
help system has been designed to provide support to perform basic
tasks. <ul>
<li><p>Voice over and text operating instructions are available through
the help screen for various operations of a standard operating nature </p
></li>
<li><p>The normal and redundant displays are visible with the door
open. This allows the operator to continue viewing the instructions
and or mimic while performing operations on the MCSW/MCCB.</p></li>
</ul></p></li>
<li><p>Graphics Monitor/touch screen has the following screen features: <ul>
<li><p>Wave form capture of events </p></li>
<li><p>STS and PDU voltage and current screens </p></li>
<li><p>Load trending screens </p></li>
<li><p>Voltage &amp; current harmonics screens </p></li>
<li><p>Graphics one lines </p></li>
<li><p>Alarm and log screens </p></li>
<li><p>Operator controls</p></li>
<li><p>Optional distribution and BCMS Data </p></li>
</ul></p></li>
<li><p>Built in test </p></li>
<li><p>Using the optional built-in load bank the STS can be 100% tested.
The Waveform capture capability can be used as a scope to allow the
transfer waveforms to be observed while transferring with loads.</p
></li>
</ol></p>
</body>
</topic>
