<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2017, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Logic Controlled Functions</title>
<body>
<ol>
<li><p><u>Transfer Inhibit Function in Auto Mode</u>. This mode is
controlled automatically by the logic. The load current is continually
sensed and if it exceeds an adjustable preset level (which is deemed
to represent an over load or fault condition) the logic will disable
the automatic transfer function of the Unit, even if the voltage on
the selected source exceeds the transfer limits. The load current
transfer inhibit will be automatically reset to normal conditions
after the load current returns to normal for continued load protection
against an input source failure.</p></li>
<li><p><u>Both Sources Fail Mode:</u> If there is an outage of both
sources detected, the logic locks on the last available source for
100 ms. After 100 ms, the logic will then transfer the load to the
first available source that returns to a condition that is within
acceptable limits. </p><p>An example of this function is:</p><p><b
>Example #1:</b><ul>
<li><p>Source/Transformer #1 is the preferred source and supporting
the load. </p></li>
<li><p>Source/Transformer #1 experiences an outage. </p></li>
<li><p>The load is transferred to Source/Transformer #2. </p></li>
<li><p>The current inrush dips Source/Transformer #2 for 2 cycles
(33.33 ms). </p></li>
<li><p>This causes the internal voltage monitors to detect an outage
on both sources. </p></li>
<li><p>The logic locks the load on Source/Transformer #2 for 100ms,
which allows the source voltage to stabilize, and the load is not
dropped. </p></li>
</ul></p><p><b>Example #2:</b></p><ul>
<li><p>Source/Transformer #1 is the preferred source and supporting
the load.</p></li>
<li><p>Source/Transformer #2 experiences an outage (load remains on
Source 1).</p></li>
<li><p>While Source/Transformer #2 is unavailable, Source/Transformer
#1 experiences an 8ms transient outage. </p></li>
<li><p>The load remains connected to Source/Transformer #1 even though
both sources experience outages for 8 ms.</p></li>
</ul></li>
<li><p><u>Retransfer Hysteresis &amp; Delay</u>. The logic inhibits
retransfer, even when retransfer is enabled, if the preferred source
is not within the hysteresis setting. This setting is adjustable from
95 to 99% of nominal, i.e. the retransfer cannot occur until the preferred
source voltage has returned to the hysteresis setting for an adjustable
period of time (typically 4 seconds). </p></li>
<li><p><u>Excessive Transfers</u>. If there are excessive transfers
(typically four transfers within five minutes), the logic will automatically
decrease the preset transfer points in -2% decrement for a total of
-4%. </p><p>If there are no transfers in a 60 minute period, the transfer
point increment in 2% steps to the original preset point.</p></li>
</ol>
</body>
</topic>
