<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2017, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Maintenance Bypass</title>
<body>
<ol>
<li><p>See the unit drawings in the Appendix for MCSW/MCCB configuration
and location. </p></li>
<li><p>The WaveStar is furnished with key-interlocked maintenance
bypass MCSW/MCCBs (Customer to designate whether to have MCSW or MCCB
provided for the bypass disconnects at the time of order) which allow
the transfer switch to be bypassed by the operator without interruption
of the load power. When the unit is in maintenance bypass, all electronic
components can be isolated from the input, output, and bypass connections
to allow safe unit servicing without access to hazardous voltages. </p
></li>
<li><p>MCSW/MCCB Interlocking Key Configuration:</p><ul>
<li><p>The Source 1 and Source 2 bypass MCSW/MCCB are keyed interlocked.
Only one can be closed at a time, but both can be open at the same
time.</p></li>
<li><p>The Source 1 input MCSW/MCCB and the Source 2 bypass MCSW/MCCB
are key interlocked with key #1. The key must be inserted into the
lock and turned before that MCSW/MCCB can be closed. </p></li>
<li><p>The Source 2 input MCSW/MCCB and Source 1 bypass MCSW/MCCB
are key interlocked with key #2. The key must be inserted and turned
before that MCSW/MCCB can be closed. </p></li>
<li><p>The Bypass 1 MCSW/MCCB and the Bypass 2 MCSW/MCCB are key interlocked
with key #3. The key must be inserted into the lock and turned before
that MCSW/MCCB can be closed. </p></li>
<li><p>Key #1, key #2 and key #3 are different and none of these keys
can be removed from a MCSW/MCCB unless the MCSW/MCCB is in the open
position. </p></li>
<li><p>In the normal operation, the keys are in the input MCSW/MCCB’s
and the input MCSW/MCCB’s are closed, and neither bypass MCSW/MCCB
can be closed.</p></li>
</ul></li>
</ol>
<p><b>Example Procedure for going to bypass on the WaveStar on Source
1</b></p>
<p>(The load must be powered by Source 1):</p>
<ol>
<li><p>Open Source #2 input MCSW/MCCB </p></li>
<li><p>Rotate and Remove the key from the Source 2 Input MCSW/MCCB
and insert it in the Source 1 bypass MCSW/MCCB and turn. </p></li>
<li><p>Verify key #3 is in Bypass 1. (If the key #3 is located in
Bypass 2, remove it and insert it in Bypass 1. </p></li>
<li><p>Close the Source #1 bypass MCSW/MCCB, since the MCSW/MCCB closes
“around” the power switch element, bypass is transparent to the load. </p
></li>
<li><p>Now both the Source 1 input MCSW/MCCB and the isolation MCSW
can be opened and the STS Unit is bypassed.</p></li>
</ol>
</body>
</topic>
