<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2022, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Normal Mode</title>
<body>
<ol>
<li><p>The WaveStar is in the auto mode when all of the following
are true: <ol>
<li><p>The Redundant Operator Interface panel mode switch is in “normal”
position. </p></li>
<li><p>The Graphic/touch screen Home Screen “Preferred Source” icon
switch is in either position. </p></li>
<li><p>The Graphic/touch screen Switch Settings Screen “Mode - VSS/POG”
icon switch is in either position. </p></li>
<li><p>Graphic/touch screen Switch Settings Screen “Retransfer-Yes/No”
icon switch is in “Yes” position. </p><p>When the STS is in “Normal”
or “auto” operation, the load is connected to the “preferred source”,
as long as all of the phases of the voltage and frequency of the source
are within acceptable limits. Upon failure of the “preferred source”,
the load will be transferred to the “alternate source.” The default
transfer voltage limits are +/- 10% of the nominal input voltage for
steady state conditions, with low voltage transfer limits having an
inverse time relationship. This is within the CBEMA/ITS computer voltage
tolerance envelope. After the “preferred source” returns to a condition
that is within tolerance for at least the preset adjustable retransfer
time delay (typically 4 seconds) the load will be retransfer automatically
to the “preferred source”.</p></li>
</ol></p></li>
<li><p>Either input source can be designated as the “preferred source”
by the “Preferred Source – 1 / 2” control switch icon on the Home
screen which can be activated by an authorized operator. </p></li>
<li><p>In normal mode the there are two start, restart and transfer
algorithms. These are POG and VSS.</p><p>POG and VSS algorithms -
Either the POG or VSS algorithm can be selected via the “Switch Settings”
screen.<ul>
<li><p><b>VSS algorithm:</b> The Volt Second Synchronizing algorithm
(Eaton PDI Patented) reduces the inrush of magnetic load; the transfer
time can range up to 8 ms depending on the phase shift between sources.
Up to 45 degree phase shift between sources the transfer time is up
to 4 ms for outages and 2 ms for manual transfers.</p></li>
<li><p><b>POG algorithm:</b> This algorithm has a shorter transfer
time than the VSS algorithm, but inrush currents are not controlled.</p
></li>
</ul></p><?Pub Caret -2?></li>
</ol>
</body>
</topic>
