<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2017, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>PDI Background</title>
<body>
<p>PDI designs and manufactures redundant power and distribution products
for the power quality market. The WaveStar STS and STS/PDU system
is completely self-contained, factory-tested unit designed to transfer
critical load between multiple power sources without interruption.
Additionally the STS/PDU systems provide distribution systems. </p>
<p>PDI was founded in 1978 as a Virginia corporation with the corporate
offices and factory located in Richmond, VA. Since its inception,
PDI has strived to provide quality products to meet the demanding
needs of our industry. PDI’s roots are in the computer power distribution
and voltage regulation market. As this market has evolved and the
need for quality power has grown, PDI has developed innovative solutions
to meet the power quality needs of new technologies. Our patented
harmonic cancellation systems and the UL listed STS or STS/PDU Systems,
line regulators, and harmonic mitigation products are prime examples
of our innovation.</p>
<p> PDI was awarded the Frost &amp; Sullivan 2004 award for Market
Leadership and the 2005 award for Customer Value Enhancement. This
document will describe the operation and configuration of a three
phase, two input STS or STS/PDU System. </p>
<p>The appendices contain spare parts, warranty data, and equipment
drawings. </p>
<p>An installation drawing is included in the Appendix. The installation
supervisor should review the drawing prior to installation. Questions
pertaining to this manual, the installation or operation of the STS
or STS/PDU System (STS) should be directed to the PDI service department
@ 1-800-225-4838.</p>
<table>
<tgroup cols="3">
<?PubTbl tgroup cbmarg="0.20pt" clmarg="0.20pt" crmarg="0.20pt"
ctmarg="0.20pt" dispwid="580.00px"?>
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="150.00pt"/><colspec colname="COLSPEC3"
colwidth="100.00pt"/><colspec colname="COLSPEC0" colwidth="80.00pt"/>
<tbody>
<row>
<?PubTbl row breakpenalty="10000"?>
<entry colsep="0" morerows="2" rowsep="0"><?PubTbl cell border-bottom-style="none"
border-left-style="none" border-top-style="none"?>PDI Service contact
information: Power Distribution Inc. 4200 Oakleys Court <p>Richmond,
Virginia 23223</p><p>service@pdicorp.com</p></entry>
<entry colsep="0" rowsep="0"><?PubTbl cell border-top-style="none"?></entry>
<entry rowsep="0"><?PubTbl cell border-right-style="none"
border-top-style="none"?></entry>
</row>
<row>
<?PubTbl row breakpenalty="10000"?>
<entry colsep="0" rowsep="0">Toll Free: (800)-225-4838 </entry>
<entry rowsep="0"><?PubTbl cell border-right-style="none"?>Phone:
(804) 737-9880</entry>
</row>
<row>
<?PubTbl row breakpenalty="10000"?>
<entry colsep="0" rowsep="0"><?PubTbl cell border-bottom-style="none"?></entry>
<entry rowsep="0"><?PubTbl cell border-bottom-style="none"
border-right-style="none"?></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</body>
</topic>
