<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2022, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic id="PositioningTheSTS-D9CD3EB6"
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Positioning the STS</title>
<body>
<p>The Standalone WaveStar STS is designed to require front and side
access for installation, unless fitted with an under the floor junction
box. </p>
<p>The WaveStar STS /PDU system, both primary and secondary, are designed
to require only front and side access for installation. </p>
<p>The stand-alone WaveStar STS and WaveStar STS/PDU systems are designed
to require only front access for only during normal operation, preventative
maintenance, IR scanning, and service.<ol>
<li><p>The standalone WaveStar STS and WaveStar STS /PDU systems are
designed to allow the use of every available square foot of computer
room space for operating various computer equipment. The WaveStar
Series requires thirty-six inches (36”) of front access and if required,
thirty inches (30") on side access for installation and service area.
The thirty-six inches (36”) of front access space allows the unit
to be fully serviced while also complying with the 1996 National Electric
Code for access to Circuit Breaker distribution equipment. </p></li>
<li><p>The system is enclosed in a substantial cabinet and contains
electrical apparatus such as molded case circuit breakers, SCRs and
power delivery bus work. Consequently, floor loading should be addressed
to verify the Eaton PDI system does not exceed the raised floor loading
specifications. Refer to the installation drawings in the Appendix
- Drawings and Arrangement Documents for weights and dimensions. </p
></li>
<li><p>If additional raised floor supports are required, contact Eaton
or your raised floor manufacturer for either floor jacks or full frame
floor stands and their specifications.</p></li>
</ol></p>
</body>
</topic>
