<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2017, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Redundancy</title>
<body>
<p>The WaveStar STS has dynamic tri-redundant logic, with voting circuits.
Each level monitors the power being supplied to the load, if one level
does not transfer the load in specified times, the second level will
transfer the load within the CBEMA/ITS curve. </p>
<p>The WaveStar STS has quad-redundant gate drivers, redundant drivers
for each set of SCRs. The drivers cannot inhibit or out vote the other.
Therefore, both source 1 and source 2 SCRs have two levels of isolated,
independent gate drivers. The gate driver PCB of the non-conducting
source can be hot swapped without losing any performance. </p>
<p>The WaveStar STS has tri-redundant logic power supplies. The configuration
of each DC logic power supply is such that a short circuit on one
PCB cannot prevent the other PCBs from receiving tri-redundant power.
Each PCB receives logic power via three isolated connectors. The power
supplies are mounted in separate modules so that one power supply
modules, including the transformers can be hot swapped without any
loss of performance. </p>
<p>The WaveStar STS has two levels of operator controls and status
displays. If the normal graphic/touch screen display fails there is
a redundant operator panel and operator controls in the unit. Each
operator control/display PCB can be hot swapped.</p>
<p>The WaveStar STS has N+3 fan redundancy on units that require force
air cooling of the SCRs. STS rated 600 amperes and above required
forced air cooling of the SCRs. The WaveStar STS uses tri-redundant
fiber optic lite pipes and circular redundant CAN Bus to route logic
signals between logic PCBs.</p>
</body>
</topic>
