<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2017, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Stand Alone and STS/PDU System configurations</title>
<body>
<p>The stand-alone WaveStar STS or WaveStar STS/PDU System can be
connected between two sources, generally two UPSs. The stand-alone
WaveStar STS has a single output load. The WaveStar STS/PDU System
is generally an integrated system consisting of the STS unit and any
normal PDU distribution system. </p>
<p>There are three configurations of WaveStar. One is a stand-alone
STS and there are also two configurations of STS/PDU systems.</p>
<ul>
<li><p>A stand-alone STS has two input sources and the output supplies
redundant power to down stream loads. Source voltage will vary depending
on the application. </p></li><?Pub Caret 1?>
<li><p>A primary STS/PDU system contains a single PDU with an internal
transformer and STS bolted together. The two input sources are connected
the STS and the STS output is connected to the PDU input. The PDU
distribution is connected to the site loads. In this configuration
the STS unit is generally a 480V application feeding the PDU transformer
to be stepped down to the 120/208V for distribution. </p></li>
<li><p>A secondary STS/PDU system contains two PDU’s with internal
transformers and a STS, all bolted together. Each input source is
connected to the one PDU. The input of the PDU is generally 480V and
is stepped down to 208V for the output. Each of the two PDU outputs
is connected to the STS inputs. In this configuration, the STS unit
is generally a 208V application. The STS output is connected to the
distribution, which is located in the PDU sections. Since the PDU
units are redundant, one PDU can be made “electrically cold” for maintenance
while the other PDU powers the load.</p></li>
</ul>
</body>
</topic>
