<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2022, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>System Cooling</title>
<body>
<p><b>Standalone STS</b></p>
<p>All units are air-cooled with perforated plates at the top and
bottom of units and ventilation openings in side panels. Stand-alone
STS units rated 600 amperes and above use on-board fans to provide
forced air cooling. Stand-alone STS units rated 400 amperes or below
are convection-cooled with optional fans.</p>
<p><b>Primary STS/PDU system</b></p>
<p>All units are air-cooled with perforated plates at the top and
bottom of units and ventilation openings in side panels. The STS unit
in a primary STS/PDU system with 480VAC input uses forced air cooling
for units rated above 300 KVA. The STS unit in a primary STS/PDU system
with 480VAC input uses convection air cooling with optional fans for
systems rated 300 KVA and below.</p>
<p><b>Secondary STS/PDU systems</b></p>
<p>All units are air-cooled with perforated plates at the top and
bottom of units and ventilation openings in side panels. The STS in
a secondary STS/PDU uses on-board fans to provide forced air cooling
for units rated 150 KVA and above. The STS unit in a secondary STS/PDU
system uses convection air cooling with optional fans for systems
rated 140 KVA and below.</p>
<p><b>Floor Stands</b></p>
<p>Floor stands for STS units have optional covers. Eaton recommends
that customers remove the optional covers at STS installation to provide
additional airflow to the unit.</p><?Pub Caret 54?>
</body>
</topic>
