<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2017, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>System Enclosure Construction</title>
<body>
<p>The Enclosures for both PDU and STS modules are constructed to
NEMA Type-1 and are primed and painted with suitable semi-gloss enamel
both inside and out. The Color is Pearl White with black top venting. </p>
<p>Each module cabinet is designed for the data center or telecommunication
environment. Each cabinet has heavy-duty casters. Once the system
is placed in its final position, the unit features stabilizing pads,
which can be adjusted to stabilize the unit. </p>
<p>The Transformer / Distribution Module enclosure also includes a
pre-punched output computer power cable landing tray on the front
and/or sidecar side of the system featuring ample output cable space
for both immediate and future cabling requirements. </p>
<p>Conduit termination plates will be provided in the bottom of the
PDU module for termination of the output cables. </p>
<p>The distributed floor weight will be less than 250 lb. per. ft.</p>
<p><b>Access</b></p>
<p>The required service access for IR scanning and maintenance will
be at the front of the STS module only. </p>
<p>Depending on configuration of the PDU distribution, only front
access or front/side access is required only STS/PDU systems.</p>
<p><b>Hazardous Voltages Safety</b></p>
<p>The STS or STS/PDU system is designed to minimize the exposure
of hazardous voltages to allow safe servicing of the unit while the
load is energized. Barriers are used on and round any exposed surface
with more than 42 volts peak applied including connections, to protect
personnel during maintenance.</p>
<p><b>Secondary STS/PDU system Input Source Power Junction Boxes,
Optional</b></p>
<p>The two input power sources are connected to the system via two
power junction boxes. The junction box is a removable-covered, NEMA
12 box. Each box shall contains four (4) mechanical power terminal
blocks accommodating two (2) 350 MCM AWG copper/aluminum wire for
the connection of the DELTA configured incoming power feeds to the
system. </p>
<p>Each power junction box is equipped with a ten foot (10') long
system main input power cable is provided with each system. The cable
consists of liquid-tight flexible metal conduit and contains the appropriate
size and number of copper conductors to comply with 1993 NEC standards.
This field installed cable contains two (2) box connectors thus allowing
ease of installation onto the power junction box and to the system.</p>
</body>
</topic>
