<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2017, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>The Three Pole, Two Position Transfer Switch</title>
<body>
<p>The transparent transfer, automatic transfer switch will consist
of two power switch elements with logic to control the sensing and
transfer functions of the unit. The transfer switch is a three pole,
twoposition transfer device designed to automatically and/or manually
transfer a load between two synchronized, three-phase power sources.
The intelligence of the logic provides for fast transfers that are
transparent to the load. The transfer from one source to another is
not performed by connecting the two sources (Make before Break). This
would cause cross feeding of one source to the other. The input power
will be supplied from two different power sources, which are nominally
of the same voltage, phase rotation, and frequency. The purpose of
the transfer switch is to allow a transparent load transfer from one
source to another source in the event of a failure of one source or
when manually initiated for testing or maintenance. The transfer switch
will allow for either source to be designated as the "preferred source".
The load will be transferred to the “preferred source” whenever the
source is intolerance and will remain connected to the “preferred
source” until manually initiated to transfer or until the “preferred
source” fails. The automatic retransfer to the “preferred source”
can be disabled if so desired by an authorized operator from the “Settings”
screen. This is generally used after a transfer from a source due
to a preferred source power loss and the operator wishes to verify
the preferred source input power is stable prior to retransferring.
When the automatic retransfer is disabled, the logic will transfer
the load from the failing source to the “good” source and will remain
on that source even after the preferred source returns to acceptable
limits. If the alternate source fails, the unit will transfer to the
original source (Considering that it is still in acceptable limits).</p>
</body>
</topic>
