<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2017, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Unloading and Handling</title>
<body>
<ol>
<li><p>Use the shipping skid provided to move the system as close
as possible to the final installation position. A forklift or pallet
jack can be used to move the skid. Do not exceed a 10-degree tilt
if moving with a forklift. Tipping of the unit can cause it to fall
which can cause damage or injury to personnel. </p></li>
<li><p>Exercise extreme care when handling STS or STS/PDU System cabinets
to avoid equipment damage or injury to personnel. </p></li>
<li><p>Check the unit size and weight before moving. Please refer
to operator’s manual for this information. </p></li>
<li><p>Plan your route for moving the equipment. Ensure that all passages
are large enough to accommodate the units and support the weight.
Check for any non-negotiable corners or offsets in hallways. </p></li>
<li><p>To remove the units from the skids, carefully cut the bands
holding the units to the pallets. Use cautions as bands are under
tension and can cause personal injury. Remove all plastic wrapping
and packing material from the units. Ensure that the unit is located
on a level floor with room to maneuver around it. </p></li>
<li><p>Lift the units off the skids with a forklift capable of handling
the weight. Lift the STS or STS/PDU System units from the front between
the shipping skids. The unit is furnished with integral castors that
allow the unit to be rolled into place after it has been removed from
the shipping skid. Be careful not to damage the castors while lifting
with the forklift.</p></li>
</ol>
</body>
</topic>
