<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2017, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Warranty Agreement</title>
<body>
<table>
<tgroup cols="2">
<?PubTbl tgroup clmarg="2.00pt" crmarg="0.00pt" dispwid="491.00px"?>
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="0.51*"/><colspec colname="col2"
colwidth="1.50*"/>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colsep="0" rowsep="0"><?PubTbl cell border-left-style="none"
border-top-style="none"?>Job #: __________________ </entry>
<entry rowsep="0"><?PubTbl cell border-right-style="none"
border-top-style="none"?>Model #: <b>_______________________</b></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colsep="0" nameend="col2" namest="col1" rowsep="0"><?PubTbl
cell border-left-style="none" border-right-style="none"?>Equipment
Location Address: <b>_______________________________________</b></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry align="center" nameend="col2" namest="col1" rowsep="0"><?PubTbl
cell border-left-style="none" border-right-style="none"?> <b>________________________________________</b
></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry align="center" nameend="col2" namest="col1" rowsep="0"><?PubTbl
cell border-left-style="none" border-right-style="none"?> <b>________________________________________</b
></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry align="center" nameend="col2" namest="col1" rowsep="0"><?PubTbl
cell border-left-style="none" border-right-style="none"?> <b>(_______)________________________________</b
></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry align="center" colsep="0" nameend="col2" namest="col1" rowsep="0"
><?PubTbl cell border-left-style="none" border-right-style="none"?> <b
>________________________________________</b></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colsep="0" rowsep="0"><?PubTbl cell border-bottom-style="none"
border-left-style="none"?></entry>
<entry rowsep="0"><?PubTbl cell border-bottom-style="none"
border-right-style="none"?>Contact Name: ________________________________________________ </entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
<p>PDI warrants that its products will perform as specified in PDI
publications, providing such products are properly installed, cared
for, and properly operated under the specified environmental conditions. </p>
<p>Standard products manufactured by PDI are warranted to be free
from defects in workmanship and material for a period of twelve (12)
months from initial start up or eighteen (18) months from date of
shipment. Any products which are defective in workmanship or material
will be repaired or replaced at the option of PDI. The obligation
of PDI hereunder will be limited solely to repair and replacement
at its factory of products that fall within the foregoing limitations
and will be conditioned upon receipt by PDI of written notice within
the warranty period of any alleged defects or deficiency. No products
will be returned to PDI without its prior consent. </p>
<p>Where it is impractical to return suspected faulty equipment to
PDI for repair or replacement, PDI will provide on-site service upon
request. Replacement parts and on-site labor necessary for fitting
replacement parts and removal of faulty parts will be undertaken at
no charge. Charges will, however, be made for travel to and from the
installation site. Where an on-site warranty is in effect, the no-charge
labor will be between 8 a.m. and 6 p.m., Monday through Friday, excluding
national holidays. If the customer request STS or STS/PDU System service
outside the above hours, the customer agrees to pay the incremental
difference between PDI's overtime and normal labor rates. </p>
<p>All warranties hereunder are contingent upon the initial start-up
being done by PDI trained or other authorized personnel and upon proper
use in the application for which the product was intended and do not
cover products which have been modified or repaired without PDI approval
or which have been subjected to neglect, accident, improper installation,
or application or on which the original identification marks have
been removed or altered. These warranties will not apply if adjustment,
repair or parts replacement is required because of accident, neglect,
misuse, secondary transportation or other causes other than ordinary
use.</p>
<p>PDI's liability under this warranty will be in lieu of any warranty
or condition implied by law as the quality or fitness for any particular
use of the goods, and save as provided in this clause, PDI shall not
be under any liability, whether in contract, tort or otherwise for
consequential damages resulting from defects in PDI products. </p>
<p>This warranty shall apply to all products manufactured by PDI unless
this agreement is modified by addendum. </p>
<p>This agreement will be effective from ______________to _______________.</p>
</body>
</topic>
