<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2022, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic id="Installation-58E71039"
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Installation</title>
<topic id="ReceivingAndUnpackingTheReactor-58EA1F2D"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Receiving and Unpacking the Reactor</title>
<body>
<p>Reactors are shipped bolted to shipping pallets and protected by
two layers of external plastic covering. Units are first covered by
a large plastic bag and then shrink-wrapped. Finally, each unit is
secured to its pallet with metal retaining bands. </p>
<p>For moving the Reactor on its pallet, Eaton recommends that retaining
bands remain intact and connected to the pallet until the unit is
moved to a convenient location for removing it from its pallet.</p>
<p>Inspect the shipped unit twice, upon receipt and after removing
packaging materials.<ol>
<li><p>Upon receiving a Reactor pallet and before removing packaging,
inspect the packaging for visible damage. If damage is evident notify
the shipping company and Eaton (see below for Eaton contact information)..</p
></li>
<li><p>File any damage claims with the shipping company at time of
delivery. Damage must be noted on the bill of lading. Failure to properly
document all damage may result in the unit’s warranty being voided.</p
></li>
<li><p>Carefully cut the retaining bands, making sure that they do
not scrape the exterior of the unit or scratch the paint.<note
type="warning"><ul>
<li><p>Metal retaining bands are under tension. Exercise caution when
cutting them.</p></li>
<li><p>Wear protective clothing including eye, face, and hand protection
when cutting retaining bands.</p></li>
</ul></note></p></li>
<li><p>Carefully remove the outer layer of protective shrink wrap
from the unit and the interior plastic covering bag. Use care to not
puncture or scratch the Reactor with cutting tools.</p></li>
<li><p>After removing the outer external packaging, inspect the unit’s
exterior panels and doors for any visible damage such as scratches,
dents, or cracks. If you discover any damage, notify the shipping
company and Eaton service <xref format="dita" href="Getting Help.dita"
scope="local" type="topic"><?Pub _previewtext text="Getting Help"
?></xref>.</p></li>
</ol></p>
<p>Eaton service phone number: 1-800-225-4838, select option 3 </p>
</body>
</topic><?Pub Caret -3?>
<xi:include xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XInclude"
href="Moving the Aggregator Reactor.dita"><xi:fallback><!--Fallback markup for "Moving the Aggregator Reactor.dita"--></xi:fallback
></xi:include>
<xi:include xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XInclude"
href="Clearances.dita"><xi:fallback><!--Fallback markup for "Clearances.dita"--></xi:fallback
></xi:include>
</topic>
