<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2022, v.4002-->
<topic id="Safety1115-AB59D431" xml:lang="en-EN"
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Safety</title><?Pub Caret -1?>
<body>
<p><note type="warning"></note>Follow safe electrical work practices:<ul>
<li><p>Read, understand, and follow the instructions before installing
this product.</p></li>
<li><p>Electrical equipment should be installed, operated, serviced,
and maintained only by qualified personnel and in accordance with
all local safety codes. Power Distribution, Inc. assumes no responsibility
for any consequences arising out of the use of this manual. This document
should not be viewed as sufficient by otherwise non-qualified personnel
to operate, service, or maintain the equipment discussed.</p></li>
<li><p>Disconnect and lock-out all power supplying equipment before
working on or installing components. Use a properly rated voltage
sensing device to confirm power is OFF.</p></li>
</ul></p>
<note type="danger"><ul>
<li><p>Severe or fatal injury can result from electrical shock during
contact with high voltage conductors, monitoring PCBs, or similar
equipment. </p></li>
<li><p>Disconnect power before drilling holes, attaching conduit,
or connecting power cables or control wiring. </p></li>
<li><p>Use Lock Out/Tag Out procedures.</p></li>
<li><p>Wear suitable personal protective clothing and use protective
equipment for performing mechanical and electrical installations. </p
></li>
<li><p>Leave ample space for attaching and routing wires.</p></li>
</ul></note>
</body>
</topic>
