<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2022, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic id="CommissioningInitialPower-upSiteTes-D292B863"
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Commissioning: Initial Power-up Site Test</title>
<body>
<p>An Eaton certified technician must commission and perform acceptance
testing on the STS 2000A unit to initiate warranty coverage. All the
work performed in this section must be performed or witnessed by an
Eaton Service Representative. </p>
<p>The commissioning sequence is as follows:<ol>
<li><p>Before applying input power to the STS, the Installer and the
Eaton Service Representative should perform the following checks: <ol>
<li><p>a. Verify that the incoming power matches the unit rating (building
electrical service and voltage) match the unit rating and the STS
2000A Bill of Materials. </p></li>
<li><p>b. Check the customer connections to input and output buses. </p
></li>
<li><p>c. Verify that the STS is connected to the grounding electrode
conductor. </p></li>
</ol></p></li>
<li><p>Before applying input power to the STS, open all MCCBs and
MCSWs in the STS. </p></li>
<li><p>With all internal MCCBs and MCSWs open, apply power to the
unit by energizing the building power circuit breaker or UPS output
circuit breaker supplying the STS 2000A unit. </p></li>
<li><p>Perform the following measurements: <ol>
<li><p>Measure the incoming voltage at input to the unit. Incoming
voltage should match the unit’s rating (-10% to +5% of nominal rating). </p
></li>
<li><p>Check for correct phase rotation (clockwise) and voltage at
the source 1 Power Input bus. </p></li>
<li><p>Verify input phasing is correct as given in <xref format="dita"
href="#InstallationAndStartupProcedures112-C40F6119" scope="local"
type="topic"><?Pub _previewtext
text="Installation and Startup Procedures 1127"?></xref>. </p></li>
</ol></p></li>
<li><p>The initial bring-up <b>must</b> be performed in Bypass Mode: <ol>
<li><p>Close Bypass 1 MCCB and verify output voltage is present. </p
></li>
<li><p>Open Bypass 1 MCCB; close Bypass 2 MCCB; and verify output
voltage is present.</p></li>
</ol></p></li>
</ol></p>
</body>
</topic>
