<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2017, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic id="HighAvailabilityThroughRedundancy-D289C2F4"
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>High Availability through Redundancy</title>
<body>
<p>To keep a mission-critical load continuously supplied with power,
the STS must itself be continuously operational. To the fullest extent
practical, the STS 2000A employs redundant circuits and components
to eliminate single points of failure.<ul>
<li><p>The STS is designed for an <b>MTBF</b> exceeding 2,000,000
hours. </p></li>
<li><p>The STS has dynamic <b>tri-redundant logic</b> with voting
circuits. Each level monitors the power beings applied to the load,
if one level does not transfer the load in specified times, the second
level will transfer the load within the CBEMA/ITS curve. </p></li>
<li><p>The STS has <b>quad-redundant gate drivers</b>, redundant drivers
for each set of SCRs. The drivers can not inhibit or out vote the
other. Therefore, both source 1 and source 2 SCRs have two levels
of isolated, independent gate drivers. </p></li>
<li><p>The STS has <b>tri-redundant logic power supplies</b>. The
configuration of each DC logic power supply is such that a short circuit
on one PCB cannot prevent the other PCBs from receiving tri-redundant
power.Each PCB receives logic power via three isolated connectors. </p
></li>
<li><p>The STS has <b>N+3 fan redundanc</b>y for forced air-cooling
of the SCRs. </p></li>
<li><p>The STS uses <b>tri-redundant fiber optic lite</b> pipes and
circular redundant CAN Bus to route logic signals between logic PCBs. </p
></li>
<li><p><b>Noise immune signal buses</b>: the STS uses optical buses
and/or CAN buses to route signals between logic PCBs. <ul>
<li><p>All signal buses are tri-redundant. </p></li>
<li><p>Each signal bus continuously transmits “bus integrity” signals,
when not transmitting true data. If the “bus integrity” signals are
not received by all receivers, then that bus is considered discontinuous
and is alarmed. </p></li>
<li><p>The CAN Bus has circular redundancy so that there are two paths.
One path can be severed and signals will continue to flow via the
other path.</p></li>
</ul></p></li>
<li><p>• The STS has <b>two levels of operator controls and status
displays</b>. The Monitor and display is backed up by the Redundant
Operator Interface (ROI).</p></li>
</ul></p>
</body>
</topic>
