<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2022, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic id="NoteOnSTSTestingAndCommissioningMet-D292B867"
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Note on STS Testing and Commissioning Methodology</title>
<body>
<p>The Eaton PDI WaveStar Static Transfer Switch (STS) has built in
redundant logic and transfer abilities. The primary logic is connected
to the line side of input Molded Case Switches (MCSW) and output bus
in the static switch to detect upstream events – this then allows
the switch to sense and transfer sources. The 30 Ctrl Nr: PM375118-004
primary logic has embedded software that controls both the low inrush
algorithm and the concurrent recording of any switch transfer events
with its real time wave form capture feature. The secondary logic
is connected to the load side of the input MCSWs in the static switch
and is used to trigger the switch to transfer upon opening of the
input MCSWs along with the primary logic. </p>
<p>When performing transfer testing / operation of the static switch,
the recommended method is to perform transfers automatically by using
the front touch screen / graphics on the static switch or alternatively
to manually use the redundant operation interface panel. When performing
outage testing, the preferred method is to perform any outage operation
by opening the upstream breaker suppling power to the either source
on the static switch. This simulates a true site event and allows
the primary logic to detect a real event upstream of the switch. If
an outage is performed by opening the MCSWs at the static switch,
the switch will still fail safe and transfer, however some of the
primary logic has been bypassed and thus, this is not the recommended
method for initiating an outage.</p>
<p>When connecting load banks to the static switch to test the switch
operation under load conditions, it is important that the fan logic
on the load banks is connected to a separate power source. The reason
for this method is that in some cases, the load bank’s fan logic may
not sustain power during the 4 ms to 8 ms transfer of the switch –
this may cause the load banks to drop power during an event that is
seen by the switch to be normal and recorded on the switch as a “good”
transfer event as per the design of the switch.</p>
</body>
</topic>
