<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2022, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic id="RetransferControl-CEE1506E"
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title> Retransfer Control</title>
<body>
<p>The Retransfer control determines whether the STS maintains an
affinity for the Preferred Source whenever it is within acceptable
parameters.</p>
<p><b>Retransfer = Yes:</b></p>
<p><ul>
<li><p>If <b>Re-transfer = Yes</b>, the load has an affinity for the
Preferred Source. After transferring the load to the alternate source,
when the Preferred Source returns to a condition that is within tolerance
for at least the preset adjustable retransfer time delay, the load
will be automatically be re-transferred back to the Preferred Source. </p
></li>
<li><p>The load will always be transferred to the Preferred Source
whenever the source is in-tolerance however long the Preferred Source
takes to come back within specification—and will remain connected
to the Preferred Source until it fails or a transfer is manually initiated. </p
></li>
<li><p> <b>Retransfer = Yes</b> is the default setting for this control.</p
></li>
</ul></p>
<p><b>Retransfer = No:</b></p>
<p><ul>
<li><p>The automatic retransfer to the Preferred Source can be disabled
by an authorized user with administrator, service, or Eaton PDI level
privileges, by setting <b>Retransfer = No</b>. </p></li>
<li><p>If <b>Retransfer = No</b>, there is no affinity to the Preferred
Source, except at startup. The logic will transfer the load from the
failing source to the “good” source and will remain on that source
even after the Preferred Source returns to acceptable limits. The
only effect of specifying a Preferred Source is to specify the source
used at STS startup. </p></li>
<li><p><b>Retransfer = No</b> also allows the operator verify the
power source prior to reapplying the critical load. After verifying
power reliability on the Preferred Source, the operator can force
a manual transfer back.</p></li>
</ul></p>
</body>
</topic>
