<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2022, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic id="SenseAndTransferAlgorithms-D289C2F1"
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Sense and Transfer Algorithms</title>
<body>
<p>Sense algorithms detect that the active power source is going out
of specification and that a transfer is required. Eaton PDI has optimized
STS sense algorithms experimentally, but algorithm parameters can
be adjusted by administrators if necessary. </p>
<p>Transfer algorithms move the load to the other source. Transfers
are not performed by connecting the two sources (“Make before Break”),
which would cause cross-currents between sources. </p>
<p>Administrators can choose between two transfer algorithms using
the front panel touchscreen: <ul>
<li><p><b>POG (Power or Gate)</b> (fast) algorithm transfers the load
as quickly as possible from one source to another without connecting
the sources together. <ul>
<li><p>Automatic transfers including sense time are ≤ 1/4 cycle for
all phase conditions. </p></li>
<li><p>Manual transfers are ≤ 1/8 cycle for in-phase conditions (phase-synchronized
sources). </p></li>
</ul></p></li>
<li><p><b>VSS (low inrush)</b> algorithm transfers the load in 3/4
of a cycle or less, including sense time, and will balance the volt
seconds of any magnetic load so as to not draw in-rush current. <ul>
<li><p>Automatic transfers are ≤ 3/4 cycle for all phase conditions,
including sense time. </p></li>
<li><p>Manual transfers are ≤ 1/8 cycle for in-phase conditions.</p
></li>
</ul> </p></li>
</ul></p>
<p>The STS 2000A can successfully switch the load between sources
that are 180⁰ out-of-phase within the above-specified cycle times.</p>
<p>VSS is the recommended and default algorithm and should be used
whenever there are transformers downstream of the STS, including small
transformers embedded in devices. The POG algorithm can be used when
there are no downstream transformers.</p>
</body>
</topic>
