<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2017, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic id="SpecialTransferSituations-CEE1506F"
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Special Transfer Situations</title>
<body>
<p>To keep power flowing to the output load, STS logic responds to
several special circumstances: </p>
<p><ul>
<li><p><b>Excessive transfers</b>. If transfers between sources become
excessive, the logic dynamically adjusts certain transfer parameters
to minimize thrashing between sources until one or the other power
source stabilizes. </p></li>
<li><p><b>Excessive load current</b>. If the load current exceeds
an adjustable preset level, automatic transfers are disabled until
load current falls below that level, even if the voltage on the selected
source exceeds the transfer limits. </p></li>
<li><p><b>Shorted power switching element</b>. Shorted SCRs cannot
be opened and the load must remain on or be transferred to the side
with the shorted SCR to avoid cross-currents. Hence, <ul>
<li><p>If there is a shorted SCR on the non-conducting side, the load
is transferred to the non-conducting side and retransfer is inhibited.
The input switch or circuit breaker on the previously conducting side
is opened. An alarm is sounded and recorded with a date-and-time stamp
in the Event Log. </p></li>
<li><p>If there is a shorted SCR on the conducting side, transfer
is inhibited and the input switch or circuit breaker on the non-conducting
side is opened. An alarm is sounded and recorded with a time/date
stamp in the event log. </p></li>
</ul></p></li>
<li><p><b>Open power switching element.</b> If there is an open SCR
on the preferred or alternate side, the load will either remain or
transfer to the “good” side, and retransfer is inhibited. </p></li>
<li><p><b>Cross currents</b>. If cross currents between sources are
detected, the STS logic will transfer the load to the non-conducting
side and lock on that source. </p></li>
<li><p><b>Failure of both sources</b>. If both sources fail, the logic
locks on the last available source for 100ms. After 100 ms, the logic
will transfer the load to the first available source that returns
to acceptable operating limits.</p></li>
</ul><b>Example A: </b><ol>
<li><p>Source 1 is the preferred source and supporting the load. </p
></li>
<li><p>Source 1 experiences an outage. </p></li>
<li><p>The load is transferred to Source 2. </p></li>
<li><p>The current inrush reduces voltage to Source 2 for 2 cycles. </p
></li>
<li><p>This causes the internal voltage monitors to detect an outage
on both sources. </p></li>
<li><p>The logic locks the load on Source 2 for 100 ms, allowing the
source voltage to stabilize, and the load is not dropped.</p></li>
</ol><b>Example B:</b> <ol>
<li><p>Source 1 is the preferred source and supporting the load. </p
></li>
<li><p>Source 2 experiences an outage (load remains on Source 1). </p
></li>
<li><p>While Source 2 is unavailable, Source 1 experiences an 8 ms
transient outage. </p></li>
<li><p>The load remains connected to Source 1 even though both sources
experience outages for 8ms.</p></li>
</ol></p>
</body>
</topic>
