<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2017, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic id="topic-13-C4094DF2"
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Basic Characteristics</title>
<body>
<p><b>Purpose</b> The purpose of the STS is to keep power supplied
to a downstream mission-critical load by switching between redundant
power sources. </p>
<p>While a site UPS removes power anomalies originating between the
power station and the site, the STS mitigates the effects of anomalies
between the Uninterruptible Power Supply (UPS), utility power source,
or other source and the STS load. These anomalies include: <ul>
<li><p>Loss of an upstream utility or UPS source </p></li>
<li><p>Out of specification power from a power source </p></li>
<li><p>Faulty transformers in PDUs </p></li>
<li><p>Circuit breaker nuisance tripping</p></li>
</ul><b>Transfer Switch</b> The STS 2000A is a standalone transfer
switch with two AC input sources and one AC output load. The STS transparently
transfers the output load automatically from one power source to the
other, if the active source fails or goes out of specification, or
manually by operator directive, for testing or maintenance. </p>
<p><b>Static Transfer Switch</b> Unlike electromechanical transfer
switches, a static transfer switch has no moving parts. It uses semiconductor
technology, specifically silicon controlled rectifiers (SCRs), as
power switching elements, achieving faster transfers. </p>
<p><b>Sources </b>The two input AC power sources should be independent
power sources that are nominally of the same voltage, phase rotation,
and frequency. Inputs are usually from uninterruptible power supplies
(UPSs), but can be utility power sources, transformer outputs, or
PDU outputs. </p>
<p><b>Output load</b> The STS has a single AC output that supplies
redundant power to downstream loads. </p>
<p><b>3-pole </b>The STS switches a 3-phase AC load between the two
AC sources. The neutral wire is not switched.</p>
</body>
</topic>
