<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2022, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Unloading, Unpacking, and Handling</title>
<body>
<p>You should unpack your Eaton PDI product with the same care used
in packing the product for safe and efficient delivery to your facility. </p>
<p><ul>
<li><p>Use the shipping skid provided to move the system as close
as possible to the final installation position. A forklift or pallet
jack can be used to move the skid. Do not exceed a 10- degree tilt
if moving with a forklift. Tipping the unit can cause it to fall which
can cause damage or injury to personnel. </p></li>
<li><p>Exercise care when handling STS system cabinets to avoid equipment
damage or injury to personnel. </p></li>
<li><p>Before moving the unit, check the unit size and weight in <xref
format="dita"
href="Installation Planning 1127.dita#SystemEnclosure-CE6C86A8"
scope="local" type="topic"><?Pub _previewtext text="System Enclosure"
?></xref>. </p></li>
<li><p>Plan your route for moving the equipment. Ensure that all passages
are large enough to accommodate the unit and support the weight. Check
for any non-negotiable corners or offsets in hallways. </p></li>
<li><p>To remove the unit from the skids, carefully cut the bands
holding the unit or unit modules to the pallets. Use cautions as bands
are under tension and can cause personal injury. When opening the
shipping package, use care not to puncture the packaging with sharp
objects. Remove all plastic wrapping and packing material from the
unit.</p></li>
<li><p>Lift the units off the skids with a forklift capable of handling
the weight of the unit. Lift the STS unit from the front between the
shipping skids. Ensure that the unit is located on a level floor with
room to maneuver around it.</p></li>
</ul></p>
</body>
</topic>
