<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2022, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic id="ServiceAndMaintenance1115-C42FA1BB" xml:lang="en-EN"
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Service and Maintenance</title>
<body>
<p>Eaton Service contracts help to provide the added insurance that
the reliability of your critical power systems is intact. By following
our stringent maintenance procedures, Eaton’s factory trained Customer
Support Engineers provide the added assurance for the availability
of critical systems, thereby maximizing the company’s profitability.
See below for further details.</p>
</body>
<xi:include xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XInclude"
href="Startup.dita"><xi:fallback><!--Fallback markup for "Startup.dita"--></xi:fallback
></xi:include>
<xi:include xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XInclude"
href="Infrared Scanning.dita"><xi:fallback><!--Fallback markup for "Infrared Scanning.dita"--></xi:fallback
></xi:include>
<topic>
<title>Eaton Provides Flexibility and Commitment</title>
<body>
<ul>
<li><p>We understand that service plans are not “one size fits all.”
That’s why we offer a broad range of service options, designed to
meet the varied requirements and applications of businesses of all
shapes and sizes.  Eaton can modify your contract on variables such
as number of PM visits per year, scope of coverage, response time
and length of contract. </p></li>
<li><p>Eaton employs 250+ field technicians with an average tenure
of more than ten years.  Eaton CSEs are experts on Eaton products
and receive ongoing product training and certification.   Our technicians
have expertise in power, electrical engineering, software and connectivity,
batteries, UPSs and related products, and can deliver advanced troubleshooting
and a reduced mean time to repair.</p></li>
<li><p>When you rely on an Eaton service plan, rest assured that every
factory-trained field technician stocks a solid inventory of parts
to remedy emergencies.</p></li>
</ul>
</body>
</topic>
<topic>
<title>Time and Materials</title>
<body>
<p>In most cases the customer will be covered by startup service or
Maintenance Contracts, however, there may be times when the customer
needs Eaton service and lacks the benefits that these two packages
provide. Therefore, Eaton provides Time and Material coverage for
those in need of our customer support engineers.</p>
</body>
</topic>
<topic>
<title>Startup</title>
<body>
<p>To certify correct operation and validate the warranty, an authorized
Eaton Service Representative must be present when the Aggregator Reactor
unit is first powered up after installation. Contact Eaton service
(1-800-843-9433).</p>
</body>
</topic>
<topic>
<title>Infrared Scanning</title>
<body>
<p>To gain access to bus bars and cables for infrared scanning, open
the left or right scanning panels on the front of the unit.</p><?Pub
Caret -1?>
</body>
</topic>
</topic>
