<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2017, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Receiving and Unpacking the Retrofit Bypass Cabinet</title>
<body>
<p>Retrofit Bypass Cabinets are shipped bolted to shipping pallets
and protected by two layers of external plastic covering. The Retrofit
Bypass Cabinet is first covered by a large plastic bag and then shrink-wrapped.
Finally the unit is secured to the pallet with metal retaining bands.</p>
<p>For moving the Retrofit Bypass Cabinet on its pallet, PDI recommends
that you leave the retaining bands intact until you have moved the
Retrofit Bypass Cabinet to a convenient location for removing it from
its pallet.</p>
<note>Inspect the shipped unit twice, upon receipt and after removing
packaging materials.</note>
<ol>
<li><p>Upon receiving an Retrofit Bypass Cabinet pallet and before
removing packaging, inspect the packaging for visible damage. If damage
is evident notify the shipping company and PDI (see below for PDI
contact information).</p><p>File any damage claims with the shipping
company at time of delivery. Damage must be noted on the bill of lading.
Failure to properly document all damage may result in the unit’s warranty
being voided.</p></li>
<li>Carefully cut the retaining bands, making sure that they do not
scrape the exterior of the unit or scratch the paint.<note
type="warning"><ul>
<li><p>Metal retaining bands are under tension. Exercise caution when
cutting them. </p></li>
<li><p>Wear protective clothing including eye, face, and hand protection
when cutting retaining bands.</p></li>
</ul></note></li>
<li><p>Carefully remove the outer layer of protective shrink wrap
from the unit and the interior plastic covering bag. Use care to not
puncture or scratch the Retrofit Bypass Cabinet with cutting tools.</p
></li>
<li>After removing the outer external packaging, inspect the unit’s
exterior panels and doors for any visible damage such as scratches,
dents, or cracks. If you discover any damage, notify the shipping
company and PDI Service.<table>
<tgroup cols="2">
<?PubTbl tgroup cbmarg="0.20pt" clmarg="0.20pt" crmarg="0.20pt"
ctmarg="0.20pt"?>
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="0.52*"/><colspec colname="COLSPEC3"
colwidth="1.48*"/>
<tbody>
<row>
<?PubTbl row breakpenalty="10000"?>
<entry colsep="0" rowsep="0"><?PubTbl cell border-left-style="none"
border-top-style="none"?>PDI Service contact information:</entry>
<entry rowsep="0"><?PubTbl cell border-right-style="none"
border-top-style="none"?></entry>
</row>
<row>
<?PubTbl row breakpenalty="10000"?>
<entry colsep="0" rowsep="0"><?PubTbl cell border-left-style="none"?>Power
Distribution Inc. </entry>
<entry rowsep="0"><?PubTbl cell border-right-style="none"?></entry>
</row>
<row>
<?PubTbl row breakpenalty="10000"?>
<entry colsep="0" rowsep="0"><?PubTbl cell border-left-style="none"?>4200
Oakleys Court </entry>
<entry rowsep="0"><?PubTbl cell border-right-style="none"?>(800)-225-4838 </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colsep="0" rowsep="0"><?PubTbl cell border-left-style="none"?>Richmond,
Virginia 23223 </entry>
<entry rowsep="0"><?PubTbl cell border-right-style="none"?>service@pdicorp.com</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colsep="0" rowsep="0"><?PubTbl cell border-bottom-style="none"
border-left-style="none"?></entry>
<entry rowsep="0"><?PubTbl cell border-bottom-style="none"
border-right-style="none"?></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table></li>
</ol>
</body>
</topic>
