<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2022, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic id="UnpackingAndMoving1120-C31DFEEF" xml:lang="en-EN"
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Unpacking and Moving</title>
<topic>
<title>Receiving and Unpacking the Retroit Bypass Cabinet</title>
<body>
<p>Retrofit Bypass Cabinets are shipped bolted to shipping pallets
and protected by two layers of external plastic covering. The Retrofit
Bypass Cabinet is first covered by a large plastic bag and then shrink-wrapped.
Finally the unit is secured to the pallet with metal retaining bands. </p>
<p>For moving the Retrofit Bypass Cabinet on its pallet, Eaton recommends
that you leave the retaining bands intact until you have moved the
Retrofit Bypass Cabinet to a convenient location for removing it from
its pallet.<note>Inspect the shipped unit twice, upon receipt and
after removing packaging materials.</note><ol>
<li><p>Upon receiving an Retrofit Bypass Cabinet pallet and before
removing packaging, inspect the packaging for visible damage. If damage
is evident notify the shipping company and Eaton (see <xref
format="dita" href="Introduction 1120.dita#GettingHelp-18-F6B0901C"
scope="local" type="topic"><?Pub _previewtext text="Getting Help"
?></xref>).</p><p>File any damage claims with the shipping company
at time of delivery. Damage must be noted on the bill of lading. Failure
to properly document all damage may result in the unit’s warranty
being voided.</p></li>
<li><p>Carefully cut the retaining bands, making sure that they do
not scrape the exterior of the unit or scratch the paint.</p><note
type="warning"><ul>
<li><p>Metal retaining bands are under tension. Exercise caution when
cutting them. </p></li>
<li><p>Wear protective clothing including eye, face, and hand protection
when cutting retaining bands.</p></li>
</ul></note></li>
<li><p>Carefully remove the outer layer of protective shrink wrap
from the unit and the interior plastic covering bag. Use care to not
puncture or scratch the Retrofit Bypass Cabinet with cutting tools. </p
></li>
<li><p>After removing the outer external packaging, inspect the unit’s
exterior panels and doors for any visible damage such as scratches,
dents, or cracks. If you discover any damage, notify the shipping
company and Eaton Service (see <xref format="dita"
href="Introduction 1120.dita#GettingHelp-18-F6B0901C" scope="local"
type="topic"><?Pub _previewtext text="Getting Help"?></xref>).</p
></li><?Pub Caret 233?>
</ol></p>
</body>
</topic>
<xi:include xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XInclude"
href="Moving Retrofit Bypass Cabinets.dita"><xi:fallback><!--Fallback markup for "Moving Retrofit Bypass Cabinets.dita"--></xi:fallback
></xi:include>
<xi:include xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XInclude"
href="Clearances and Door Swing.dita"><xi:fallback><!--Fallback markup for "Clearances and Door Swing.dita"--></xi:fallback
></xi:include>
</topic>
