<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2022, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic id="topic-1-9D07352D" xml:lang="en-EN"
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Safety</title>
<body>
<p><note type="warning"></note>Follow safe electrical work practices: <ul>
<li><p>Disconnect power before drilling holes, attaching conduit,
and attaching other power distribution equipment. </p></li>
<li><p>Disconnect and lock-out all power supplying equipment before
working on or installing components. </p></li>
<li><p>Use a properly rated voltage sensing device to confirm power
is OFF. </p></li>
<li><p>Leave ample space for attaching and routing wires. </p></li>
<li><p>Use Lock Out/Tag Out procedures. </p></li>
<li><p>Wear suitable personal protective clothing and use protective
equipment for performing mechanical and electrical installations. </p
></li>
<li><p>Install equipment in an appropriate electrical environment
per local regulations.</p></li>
</ul></p>
<note type="warning"><p>Reactor units are connected to hazardous line
voltages. Severe or fatal injury can result from electrical shock
during contact with high voltage conductors, monitoring PCBs, or similar
equipment. When installing and servicing reactors, there may be exposed
components with housings or protrusions at or above line potential.
Extreme care should be taken to protect against shock. </p><p>Electrical
equipment should be installed, operated, serviced, and maintained
only by qualified personnel and in accordance with all local safety
codes. The Current-Limiting Reactor (2000/2500A) must be installed
by licensed electricians or by Eaton-authorized technicians. </p><?Pub
Caret 156?><p>Eaton assumes no responsibility for any consequences
arising out of the use of this manual. This document should not be
viewed as sufficient by otherwise non-qualified personnel to operate,
service, or maintain the equipment discussed.</p></note>
</body>
</topic>
