<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2022, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Receiving and Unpacking the Current-Limiting Reactor</title>
<body>
<p>Current-Limiting Reactors and optional Side Cars are shipped bolted
to shipping pallets and protected by two layers of external plastic
covering. Units are first covered by a large plastic bag and then
shrink-wrapped. Finally each unit is secured to its pallet with metal
retaining bands.</p>
<p>For moving the Current-Limiting Reactor or Side Car on its pallet,
Eaton recommends that you leave the retaining bands intact until you
have moved the unit to a convenient location for removing it from
its pallet. </p>
<p>Inspect the shipped unit twice, upon receipt and after removing
packaging materials.<ol>
<li><p>Upon receiving an Current-Limiting Reactor or Side Car pallet
and before removing packaging, inspect the packaging for visible damage.
If damage is evident notify the shipping company and Eaton (see below
for Eaton contact information).</p></li>
<li><p>Carefully cut the retaining bands, making sure that they do
not scrape the exterior of the unit or scratch the paint.</p><note
type="warning"><ul>
<li><p>Metal retaining bands are under tension. Exercise caution when
cutting them.</p></li>
<li><p>Wear protective clothing including eye, face, and hand protection
when cutting retaining bands.</p></li>
</ul></note></li>
<li><p>Carefully remove the outer layer of protective shrink wrap
from the unit and the interior plastic covering bag. Use care to not
puncture or scratch the Current-Limiting Reactor with cutting tools.</p
></li>
<li><p>After removing the outer external packaging, inspect the unit’s
exterior panels and doors for any visible damage such as scratches,
dents, or cracks. If you discover any damage, notify the shipping
company and Eaton service<xref format="dita" href="Getting Help.dita"
scope="local" type="topic"><?Pub _previewtext text="Getting Help"
?></xref>.</p></li>
</ol></p>
</body>
</topic>
