<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2022, v.4002-->
<?Pub UDT template _font?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic id="ReceivingAndUnpackingTheMiniPDU-C49A2358"
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Receiving and Unpacking the Mini PDU</title>
<body>
<p>30 kVA Mini PDUs are shipped bolted to pallets and protected by
two layers of external plastic covering. Units are first covered by
a large plastic bag and then shrink-wrapped. Finally each unit is
secured to its pallet with metal retaining bands. </p>
<p>Accessories may be shipped on the same pallet or separately. </p>
<p>For moving the Mini PDU on its pallet, Eaton recommends that you
leave the retaining bands intact until you have moved the unit to
a convenient location for removing it from its pallet.</p>
<note>Inspect the shipped unit twice, upon receipt and after removing
packaging materials.</note>
<ol>
<li><p>Upon receiving a pallet and before removing packaging, inspect
the packaging for visible damage. If damage is evident notify the
shipping company and Eaton (see <xref format="dita"
href="Introduction 1117.dita#GettingHelp-C498E3D8" scope="local"
type="topic"><?Pub _previewtext text="Getting Help"?></xref>).</p
><?Pub Caret -1?><p>File any damage claims with the shipping company
at time of delivery. Damage must be noted on the bill of lading. Failure
to properly document all damage may result in the unit’s warranty
being voided.<note type="warning"><ul>
<li><p>Metal retaining bands are under tension. Exercise caution when
cutting them.</p></li>
<li><p>Wear protective clothing including eye, face, and hand protection
when cutting retaining bands.</p></li>
</ul></note></p></li>
<li><p>Carefully cut the retaining bands, making sure that they do
not scrape the exterior of the unit or scratch the paint. </p></li>
<li><p>Carefully remove the outer layer of protective shrink wrap
from the unit and the interior plastic covering bag. Use care to not
puncture or scratch the Mini PDU with cutting tools. </p></li>
<li><p>After removing the outer external packaging, inspect the unit’s
exterior panels and doors for any visible damage such as scratches,
dents, or cracks. If you discover any damage, notify the shipping
company and Eaton Service (see <xref format="dita"
href="Introduction 1117.dita#GettingHelp-C498E3D8" scope="local"
type="topic"><?Pub _previewtext text="Getting Help"?></xref>).</p
></li>
</ol>
</body>
</topic>
