<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2017, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic id="CustomerConnectionsAndSetup-C8CEFD03"
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Customer Connections and Setup</title>
<body>
<p>Most WaveStar Infinity connections are made in manufacturing, but
some must be made at the customer site during installation. Customer
connections and setup methodology are summarized in <xref format="dita"
href="#./Table10WaveStarInfinityCustomerConn-C8CF00B6" scope="local"
type="table"><?Pub _previewtext
text="Table 10 WaveStar Infinity Customer Connections"?></xref>.</p>
<p>Typical on-site WaveStar Infinity installation activities are listed
below. Detailed information on making the following connections and
performing setup are in <i>WaveStar Infinity Monitoring System, Setup
and Operation P-164001106</i>.<ol>
<li><p>Customer Ethernet and Modbus RTU connections are made directly
to the WaveStar Infinity Monitor backpanel. </p></li>
<li><p>Most sensor board connections are made at the factory, but
some must be made when the PDU is installed. These connections are
typically the following:</p><ol>
<li><p>Remote EPO connection to the Sensor Base VVIT Board </p></li>
<li><p>Digital inputs, such as building alarms, to a Digital Inputs
Option Board </p></li>
<li><p>Output relays, such as a summary alarm, to a Relay Option Board</p
></li>
</ol></li>
<li><p>Subfeed CTs are wired to 8xI Sensor Board(s) in manufacturing,
but they must be installed over load cables when the load cables are
connected to subfeed circuit breakers. See section <xref format="dita"
href="Installation Power Cabling 1123.dita#InstallingCurrentTransformersForSub-C7ADC73F"
scope="local" type="topic"><?Pub _previewtext
text="Installing Current Transformers for Subfeeds"?></xref>.</p></li>
<li><p>After making local connections, an administrator must configure
WaveStar Infinity for the local network, set up user administration,
and specify alarm limits and other parameters. All setup can be performed
at the local WaveStar Infinity Monitor or, once the network is configured,
from a browser.</p><table
id="Table10WaveStarInfinityCustomerConn-C8CF00B6">
<title>WaveStar Infinity Customer Connections</title>
<tgroup cols="4"><colspec colname="col1"/><colspec colname="col2"/>
<colspec colname="col3"/><colspec colname="col4"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry nameend="col4" namest="col1" valign="top"><?PubTbl
cell border-bottom-width="0.25pt" border-left-width="0.25pt"
border-right-width="0.25pt" border-top-width="0.25pt"?><?Pub _cellfont
Shading="gray2"?><p>WaveStar Infinity Monitoring System</p></entry>
</row>
<row valign="middle">
<entry><?PubTbl cell border-bottom-width="0.25pt" border-left-width="0.25pt"
border-right-width="0.25pt"?><p>Network andOther User Connections</p
></entry>
<entry><?PubTbl cell border-bottom-width="0.25pt" border-right-width="0.25pt"?><p
>PCB or Component</p></entry>
<entry><?PubTbl cell border-bottom-width="0.25pt" border-right-width="0.25pt"?><p
>Setup Method</p></entry>
<entry><?PubTbl cell border-bottom-width="0.25pt" border-right-width="0.25pt"?><p
>Modbus Points List or SNMP MIB</p></entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry><?PubTbl cell border-bottom-width="0.25pt" border-left-width="0.25pt"
border-right-width="0.25pt"?><p>Ethernet Modbus RTU</p></entry>
<entry><?PubTbl cell border-bottom-width="0.25pt" border-right-width="0.25pt"?><p
>WaveStar Infinity 7" Color Touchscreen</p></entry>
<entry morerows="5" valign="middle"><?PubTbl cell border-bottom-width="0.25pt"
border-right-width="0.25pt"?>Screen setup: local WaveStar Infinity
Monitor or Browser</entry>
<entry morerows="5" valign="middle"><?PubTbl cell border-bottom-width="0.25pt"
border-right-width="0.25pt"?><p> Single consolidated Modbus Points
List matching customer’s configuration/ </p><p>Single consolidated
SNMP MIB matching configuration</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry><?PubTbl cell border-bottom-width="0.25pt" border-left-width="0.25pt"
border-right-width="0.25pt"?><p>Remote EPO Digital Inputs Relay(s)</p
></entry>
<entry><?PubTbl cell border-bottom-width="0.25pt" border-right-width="0.25pt"?><p
>Sensor Base Board (usu. VVIT)</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry><?PubTbl cell border-bottom-width="0.25pt" border-left-width="0.25pt"
border-right-width="0.25pt"?></entry>
<entry><?PubTbl cell border-bottom-width="0.25pt" border-right-width="0.25pt"?>Sensor
Combo Board (up to (4) Option Boards)</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry><?PubTbl cell border-bottom-width="0.25pt" border-left-width="0.25pt"
border-right-width="0.25pt"?><p>Digital Inputs (Includes Auxiliary
Contacts and Bell Alarm Contacts)</p></entry>
<entry><?PubTbl cell border-bottom-width="0.25pt" border-right-width="0.25pt"?><p
>Digital Inputs Option Board</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry><?PubTbl cell border-bottom-width="0.25pt" border-left-width="0.25pt"
border-right-width="0.25pt"?><p>Relays</p></entry>
<entry><?PubTbl cell border-bottom-width="0.25pt" border-right-width="0.25pt"?><p
>Relay Option Board</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry><?PubTbl cell border-bottom-width="0.25pt" border-left-width="0.25pt"
border-right-width="0.25pt"?><p>Dry contact (can be set up as Digital
Input)</p></entry>
<entry><?PubTbl cell border-bottom-width="0.25pt" border-right-width="0.25pt"?><p
>Surge Protective Device (SPD)</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table></li>
</ol></p>
</body>
</topic>
