<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2022, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic id="ModbusRTU2-WireVs.4-WireConfigurati-C73697C1"
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Modbus RTU 2-Wire vs. 4-Wire Configuration</title>
<body>
<p>Eaton PDI devices have two (2) jumpers near their Modbus ports
for configuring 2-wire vs. 4-wire Modbus RTU (see <xref format="dita"
href="#CustomerNetworkConnections-C32D55F2/Figure32ColorMonitorNetworkConnecti-C830B833"
scope="local" type="fig"><?Pub _previewtext
text="Figure 32 Color Monitor Network Connections"?></xref>). The
Color Monitor’s 2-wire configuration jumpers are W1 and W2 (upstream)
and W3 and W4 (downstream). Upstream and downstream device chains
can be configured differently.</p>
<p>For 2-wire configuration:<ul>
<li><p>At least one device in a device chain must have both jumpers
jumped on its Modbus connection. If any device in the chain has jumpers
installed for 2-wire, all the device chain is 2-wire. To avoid confusion
when troubleshooting, all the devices in the chain should be jumped
in the same way. </p></li>
<li><p>TX+ or RX+ on the Monitor (either one, because the on-board
2-wire jumpers short them together) wires to TX+ or RX+ on downstream
devices. </p></li>
<li><p>TX- or RX- on the Monitor wires to TX- or RX- on downstream
devices. </p></li>
<li><p>The + and - signal wires should comprise of a (twisted) wire
pair residing in the same shield. </p></li>
<li><p>For 2-wire Modbus, all commands are sent to the Color Monitor
and all replies from the Monitor are sent on the same pair. The pair
will be in a high impedance state until the Monitor responds to a
command. For 2-wire communications the transmit + and receive + must
be jumpered together as well as the transmit - and receive -. You
must also verify that the packet is complete before another transmit
is initiated. The interface is isolated.</p></li>
</ul></p>
<p>For 4-wire configuration:<ul>
<li><p>All 2-wire jumpers must be removed from every device (PCB)
in the chain. </p></li>
<li><p>• TX+ on the Monitor’s PCB or on the customer Building Management
System (BMS) wires to RX+ on a device PCB. </p></li>
<li><p>TX- from the Monitor or BMS wires to RX- on device PCB. </p
></li>
<li><p>A second pair of wires connects the other pair of TX+ / RX+
&amp; TX- / RX-. </p></li>
<li><p>The TX+ &amp; TX- going to the RX+ &amp; RX- should be in the
same shield. Do not run the +'s in one shield and the -'s in another.
Doing so may lead to sporadic communication. </p></li>
<li><p>Run a dedicated ground wire with the signal wires and only
ground the shield at one end. </p></li>
<li><p>For 4-wire Modbus, all commands are sent to the Color Monitor
on one pair and all replies from the Monitor are on the other pair.
The pair on which the Monitor sends will be in a high impedance state
until the Monitor responds to a command.</p></li>
</ul></p>
</body>
</topic>
