<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2022, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic id="ReceivingAndUnpackingThePDU-C7ABA358"
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Receiving and Unpacking the PDU</title>
<body>
<p>The PowerHub 2 PDU Main Cabinet is shipped as a fully assembled
unit. Optional side cars are shipped separately and attached onsite.
Units are strapped to shipping pallets, but not bolted to pallets,
and are protected by external covering.<ol>
<li><p>Upon receiving a PowerHub 2 PDU pallet and before removing
packaging, inspect packaging for visible damage that could affect
the PDU. If damage is evident notify Eaton and the shipping company
(see below). </p></li>
<li><p>Carefully remove the outer layer of protective shrink wrap
from the unit. Use care to not puncture or scratch the cabinets with
cutting tools.<note type="caution">Do not remove the retaining bands
securing the PDU to its pallet until the PDU is near its final position
and you are ready to remove the PDU from its pallet.</note></p></li>
<li><p>After removing external packing, check the unit’s exterior
panels and doors for any visible damage such as scratches dents, cracks. </p
></li>
<li><p>If any damage is evident during unpacking, notify the <u>shipping
company</u> and Eaton:</p><ul>
<li><p>File a claim with the shipping company at the time of delivery.
Damage must be noted on the bill of lading. Failure to properly document
all damage may result in the unit’s warranty being voided. </p></li>
<li><p>Notify the Eaton Service Department <xref format="dita"
href="Getting Help.dita" scope="local" type="topic"><?Pub _previewtext
text="Getting Help"?></xref>.</p></li>
</ul></li>
</ol></p>
</body>
</topic>
