<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2022, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Start-Up Procedure</title>
<body>
<ol>
<li><p>Confirm that the PDU’s main input circuit breaker is in the
“off” position. </p></li>
<li><p>Ensure that all of the PDU’s output circuit breakers are in
the “off” position. </p></li>
<li><p>The installing contractor or electrician should now verify
that the input voltage to the unit matches the input voltage rating
of the unit as identified on the PDU nameplate found on the outside
of the front door. </p></li>
<li><p>Ensure that the input voltage has proper phase rotation and
safe grounding practices as indicated above.<note type="warning">Steps
1-4 must be executed before applying incoming power to the PDU.</note
></p></li>
<li><p>Apply power to the unit. </p></li>
<li><p>Measure for the proper PDU input voltage. This should match
the units rating (+ 5% to -10% from nominal rating). </p></li>
<li><p>Check the phase rotation (clockwise) and voltage. </p></li>
<li><p>Energize the PDU main breaker by setting the toggle to the
“on” position.</p><note>If the main breaker trips when energized,
contact Eaton Service (<xref format="dita" href="Getting Help.dita"
scope="local" type="topic"><?Pub _previewtext text="Getting Help"
?></xref>).</note><?Pub Caret 69?></li>
<li><p>Perform an EPO check: Depress the external EPO button and verify
that the main breaker shunt trips. </p></li>
<li><p>Manually reset the main breaker to the “on” position. This
may require that you first manually trip the lever all the way to
the “off” position. </p></li>
<li><p>Check the output voltages. </p></li>
<li><p>The PDU is now ready to sequentially energize the subfeed breakers.<note
>Equipment attached to the PDU may require special start up procedures.
Please consult the individual manufacturers for these requirements.</note
></p></li>
</ol>
</body>
</topic>
