<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2022, v.4002-->
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic id="WaveStarMonitoringComponentReferenc-C73653A8"
xml:lang="en-EN" xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>WaveStar Monitoring: Component Reference</title>
<body>
<p>Customers have a choice of two mutually exclusive monitoring systems
for the PowerHub 2 PDU:<ul>
<li><p>WaveStar Infinity is Eaton PDI’s latest metering and monitoring
solution for the Power Hub 2 platform and is recommended for all new
data center buildouts. It was launched in 2018 and offers revenue
grade accuracy, high speed data communication, and a color touchscreen
display with an intuitive user interface. </p></li>
<li><p>WaveStar Monitoring is Eaton PDI’s previous metering and monitoring
standard, which includes the WaveStar Color Monitor, launched in 2014.
WaveStar Monitoring is still available for the PowerHub 2 PDU.</p
></li>
</ul>This chapter summarizes WaveStar Monitoring components on PowerHub
2 PDUs. A WaveStar Monitoring System is a collection of components
integrated in the PDU’s internal network, which is described in the
next chapter.</p>
<p>All PDUs with WaveStar Monitoring have at minimum a WaveStar Color
Monitor, a PDU Board, and a Contractor Board.<ul>
<li><p>WaveStar Color Monitor (standard)</p><ul>
<li><p>Displays monitoring information </p></li>
<li><p>Ethernet interface </p></li>
<li><p>Modbus master device for the PDU’s internal network </p></li>
<li><p>Provides monitoring data to upstream Modbus master devices
upon request, such as Data Center Information Management (DCIM) and
Building Information Management (BIM) systems and/or provides SNMP
data.</p></li>
</ul></li>
<li><p>PDU (M4G) Board (standard)</p><ul>
<li><p>Monitors input power, the transformer, and transformer output
power </p></li>
<li><p>Emergency Power Off (EPO) shunt trip</p></li>
</ul></li>
</ul><ul>
<li>Basic (standard) or Extended (optional) Contractor Board, a separate
board that acts as a terminal block to the PDU Board. Customer connections
other than Ethernet are made to a Contractor Board, including:<ul>
<li><p>Modbus RTU interface </p></li>
<li><p>Relays, such as summary alarm </p></li>
<li><p>Digital inputs, such as building alarms, door open </p></li>
<li><p>Remote EPO interface</p></li>
</ul></li>
</ul>The PDU may also have the following optional components:<ul>
<li><p>Subfeed Branch Circuit Monitoring System (BCMS) Boards</p><ul>
<li><p>BCMS Data Acquisition Board with Enhanced Subfeeds Modbus Points
List </p></li>
<li><p>Resistor board connecting CTs for up to (14) subfeeds or (10)
subfeeds, if neutral is monitored, and passing CT measurements to
the BCMS Data Acquisition Board</p></li>
<li><p>IO Breaker Board, which collects and reports circuit breaker
auxiliary contact or bell alarm signals for up to (14) subfeed breakers.</p
></li>
</ul></li>
</ul>All WaveStar monitoring components are connected into the PDU’s
internal Modbus RTU network. </p>
<p>Surge Protective Device(s) (SPDs) may also provide device status,
usually through a dry contact.</p>
</body>
<xi:include xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XInclude"
href="7.1 Components Layout.dita"><xi:fallback><!--Fallback markup for "7.1 Components Layout.dita"--></xi:fallback
></xi:include>
<?Pub _newpage?>
<xi:include xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XInclude"
href="7.2 WaveStar Color Monitor.dita"><xi:fallback><!--Fallback markup for "7.2 WaveStar Color Monitor.dita"--></xi:fallback
></xi:include>
<xi:include xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XInclude"
href="7.3 PDU (M4G) Board.dita"><xi:fallback><!--Fallback markup for "7.3 PDU (M4G) Board.dita"--></xi:fallback
></xi:include>
<xi:include xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XInclude"
href="7.4 Contractor Boards.dita"><xi:fallback><!--Fallback markup for "7.4 Contractor Boards.dita"--></xi:fallback
></xi:include>
<xi:include xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XInclude"
href="7.5 Subfeed Monitoring.dita"><xi:fallback><!--Fallback markup for "7.5 Subfeed Monitoring.dita"--></xi:fallback
></xi:include>
<xi:include xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XInclude"
href="7.6 Dry Contact Network.dita"><xi:fallback><!--Fallback markup for "7.6 Dry Contact Network.dita"--></xi:fallback
></xi:include>
<xi:include xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XInclude"
href="7.7 IO Breaker Board.dita"><xi:fallback><!--Fallback markup for "7.7 IO Breaker Board.dita"--></xi:fallback
></xi:include>
<xi:include xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XInclude"
href="Components, Connections, and Setup Summary.dita"><xi:fallback
><!--Fallback markup for "Components, Connections, and Setup Summary.dita"--></xi:fallback
></xi:include>
</topic><?Pub Caret 2530?>
