<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2022, v.4002-->
<topic id="ReceivingAndUnpackingTheRPP-0285E581"
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:ptc:names:arbortext:dita:xsd:techinfo.xsd">
<title>Receiving and Unpacking the RPP</title>
<body>
<p>RPP V2 units are shipped as fully assembled units with internal
power wiring completed. Units are bolted to shipping pallets and protected
by two layers of external plastic covering. The RPP is first covered
by a large plastic bag and then shrink-wrapped. Finally the unit is
secured to the pallet with metal retaining bands.</p>
<p> For moving the RPP V2 unit on its pallet, Eaton recommends that
you leave the retaining bands intact until you have moved the RPP
to a convenient location for removing it from its pallet.</p>
<note>Inspect the shipped unit twice, upon receipt and after removing
packaging materials.</note>
<ol>
<li><p>Upon receiving an RPP V2 pallet and before removing packaging,
inspect the packaging for visible damage. If damage is evident notify
the shipping company and Eaton (see <xref format="dita"
href="Introduction 1118.dita#GettingHelp-18-EB4EE957" scope="local"
type="topic"><?Pub _previewtext text="Getting Help"?></xref> or Eaton
contact information). </p><p>File any damage claims with the shipping
company at time of delivery. Damage must be noted on the bill of lading.
Failure to properly document all damage may result in the unit’s warranty
being voided.</p><?Pub Caret -1?></li>
<li><p>Carefully cut the retaining bands, making sure that they do
not scrape the exterior of the unit or scratch the paint.<note
type="warning"><ul>
<li><p>Metal retaining bands are under tension. Exercise caution when
cutting them. </p></li>
<li><p>Wear protective clothing including eye, face, and hand protection
when cutting retaining bands!</p></li>
</ul></note></p></li>
</ol>
</body>
</topic>
